Give me all cosmonauts. ?
In which country does the Ganges start ?
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants ?
Who was John F. Kennedy's vice president ?
Who is the mayor of Berlin ?
How many students does the Free University in Amsterdam have ?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth ?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden. ?
Give me a list of all bandleaders that play trumpet. ?
Which countries have more than ten caves ?
Who produces Orangina ?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races ?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League ?
Give me all members of Prodigy. ?
Does Breaking Bad have more episodes than Game of Thrones ?
What were the main discoveries of the Mars rover Curiosity ?
Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin. ?
Is proinsulin a protein ?
How tall is Michael Jordan ?
What is the capital of Canada ?
How many languages are spoken in Turkmenistan ?
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola. ?
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by William Shatner. ?
Are tree frogs a type of amphibian ?
How often did Jane Fonda marry ?
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations. ?
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate ?
Who developed Minecraft ?
How many inhabitants does Maribor have ?
Give me all companies in Munich. ?
How tall is Claudia Schiffer ?
List all games by GMT. ?
Who founded Intel ?
Which cities does the Weser flow through ?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine ?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia ?
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6 ?
Who created Goofy ?
Was the Cuban Missile Crisis earlier than the Bay of Pigs Invasion ?
Give me all islands that belong to Japan. ?
Give me all Apollo 14 astronauts. ?
How many missions does the Soyuz programme have ?
Did Socrates influence Aristotle ?
Give me all Danish movies. ?
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA. ?
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play ?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I ?
How many employees does Google have ?
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics ?
Give me all cities in New Jersey with more than 100000 inhabitants. ?
Is Rita Wilson the wife of Tom Hanks ?
How many children did Benjamin Franklin have ?
When did Michael Jackson die ?
Which Chess players died in the same place they were born in ?
List the children of Margaret Thatcher. ?
Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist ?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch ?
Give me all books by William Goldman with more than 300 pages. ?
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press ?
How high is the Mount Everest ?
How many people live in the capital of Australia ?
What is the largest city in Australia ?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude ?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself ?
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried ?
Is Egypts largest city also its capital ?
Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990. ?
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones. ?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from ?
For which label did Elvis record his first album ?
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed. ?
How many employees does IBM have ?
In which country is the Limerick Lake ?
Which television shows were created by John Cleese ?
Which mountain is the highest after the Annapurna ?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring ?
Was U.S. president Jackson involved in a war ?
Which awards did Douglas Hofstadter win ?
Who is the daughter of Robert Kennedy married to ?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic ?
What is the area code of Berlin ?
Which countries have more than two official languages ?
Who is the owner of Rolls-Royce ?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow ?
Which monarchs were married to a German ?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross ?
What is the highest mountain in Australia ?
What is the official language of Suriname ?
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv ?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge ?
Is Frank Herbert still alive ?
Who is the editor of Forbes ?
What did Bruce Carver die from ?
Which presidents were born in 1945 ?
Give me all federal chancellors of Germany. ?
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln ?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft ?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos. ?
Who produced the most films ?
In which city did John F. Kennedy die ?
Is there a video game called Battle Chess ?
Who created Wikipedia ?
Give me all actors starring in Last Action Hero. ?
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California ?
Is Christian Bale starring in Velvet Goldmine ?
Which actors were born in Germany ?
Was the wife of president Lincoln called Mary ?
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach. ?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia ?
How many Aldi stores are there ?
Who was the 16th president of the United States ?
How many films did Hal Roach produce ?
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel. ?
Which airports are located in California, USA ?
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels. ?
In which programming language is GIMP written ?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman ?
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise. ?
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play ?
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth ?
How many films did Leonardo DiCaprio star in ?
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League. ?
When was Capcom founded ?
Which organizations were founded in 1930 ?
What is the highest mountain ?
Was Natalie Portman born in the United States ?
How many inhabitants does the largest city in Canada have ?
In which studio did the Beatles record their first album ?
Who was the first to climb Mount Everest ?
How many programming languages are there ?
What is the official color of the University of Oxford ?
How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics ?
To which artistic movement did the painter of The Three Dancers belong ?
Give me all animals that are extinct. ?
Does Abraham Lincoln's death place have a website ?
How deep is Lake Placid ?
Give me the grandchildren of Bruce Lee. ?
Who is the youngest Darts player ?
Where was Bach born ?
In which countries can you pay using the West African CFA franc ?
What is the most frequent cause of death ?
Does the Isar flow into a lake ?
Give me all films produced by Steven Spielberg with a budget of at least $80 million. ?
Give me all writers that won the Nobel Prize in literature. ?
Give me all taikonauts. ?
How many pages does War and Peace have ?
What is the bridge with the longest span ?
Who is the tallest player of the Atlanta Falcons ?
Which rivers flow into a German lake ?
Which rockets were launched from Baikonur ?
Which pope succeeded John Paul II ?
Give me all Dutch parties. ?
Give me all Swedish oceanographers. ?
Give me all actors who were born in Berlin. ?
What was the last movie with Alec Guinness ?
Which poet wrote the most books ?
How many languages are spoken in Colombia ?
What does IYCM stand for ?
Which ingredients do I need for carrot cake ?
Is Cola a beverage ?
Who has Tom Cruise been married to ?
Which of Tim Burton's films had the highest budget ?
Which actor was casted in the most movies ?
Is James Bond married ?
Give me all Australian metalcore bands. ?
Give me all actors who were born in Paris after 1950. ?
Give all swimmers that were born in Moscow. ?
Show me the book that Muhammad Ali wrote. ?
How many museums does Paris have ?
Which city has the most inhabitants ?
Which city has the least inhabitants ?
Give me all the TV shows with Neil Patrick Harris. ?
Who wrote The Hunger Games ?
Show a list of soccer clubs that play in the Bundesliga. ?
Who is the founder of Penguin Books ?
Which programming languages influenced Javascript ?
Did Che Guevara have children ?
List all the musicals with music by Elton John. ?
Show me all the breweries in Australia. ?
When was the Titanic completed ?
How much did Pulp Fiction cost ?
How many airlines are there ?
Which book has the most pages ?
Which bridges cross the Seine ?
Who is the mayor of the capital of French Polynesia ?
When did Dracula's creator die ?
What is the location of the Houses of Parliament ?
Show me all English Gothic buildings in Kent. ?
Who was the pope that founded the Vatican Television ?
What is the total population of Melbourne, Florida ?
Which airports does Air China serve ?
In which year was Rachel Stevens born ?
Where was JFK assassinated ?
How many politicians graduated from Columbia University ?
Which scientist is known for the Manhattan Project and the Nobel Peace Prize ?
Who is the owner of Facebook ?
From which region is the Melon de Bourgogne ?
Who was influenced by Socrates ?
Who was married to president Chirac ?
Where in France is sparkling wine produced ?
Where did Hillel Slovak die ?
What is the timezone in San Pedro de Atacama ?
In which city does the Chile Route 68 end ?
Who was vice president under the president who authorized atomic weapons against Japan during World War II ?
Which anti-apartheid activist was born in Mvezo ?
How many Golden Globe awards did the daughter of Henry Fonda win ?
Which recipients of the Victoria Cross died in the Battle of Arnhem ?
Where did the first man in space die ?
How old was Steve Jobs' sister when she first met him ?
Which members of the Wu-Tang Clan took their stage name from a movie ?
Which writers had influenced the philosopher that refused a Nobel Prize ?
Who composed the music for the film that depicts the early life of Jane Austin ?
Which horses did The Long Fellow ride ?
Of the people that died of radiation in Los Alamos, whose death was an accident ?
Which building owned by the Bank of America was featured in the TV series MegaStructures ?
Which buildings in art deco style did Shreve, Lamb and Harmon design ?
Which birds are protected under the National Parks and Wildlife Act ?
Which country did the first known photographer of snowflakes come from ?
List all the battles commanded by the lover of Cleopatra. ?
Are the Rosetta Stone and the Gayer-Andersen cat exhibited in the same museum ?
Which actress starring in the TV series Friends owns the production company Coquette Productions ?
Gaborone is the capital of which country member of the African Union ?
When was the composer of the opera Madame Butterfly born ?
For which movie did the daughter of Francis Ford Coppola receive an Oscar ?
Which city does the first person to climb all 14 eight-thousanders come from ?
At which college did the only American actor that received the Cesar Award study ?
Did Napoleon's first wife die in France ?
How old is James Bond in the latest Bond book by William Boyd ?
What is the native city of Hollywood's highest-paid actress ?
In which city does the former main presenter of the Xpose girls live ?
Who plays Phileas Fogg in the adaptation of Around the World in 80 Days directed by Buzz Kulik ?
Who is the front man of the band that wrote Coffee & TV ?
Which Chinese-speaking country is a former Portguese colony ?
What is the largest city in the county in which Faulkner spent most of his life ?
In which year did the Hungarian-American actor called "The King of Horror" make his first film ?
Under which pseudonym did Charles Dickens publish some of his books ?
A landmark of which city is the home of the Mona Lisa ?