Which comic characters are painted by Bill Finger?
Was winston churchill the prime minister of Selwyn Lloyd?
Name some leaders of the parent organisation of the Gestapo?
Which party has come in power in Mumbai North?
Name the municipality of Roberto Clemente Bridge ?
Which royalty was married to ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator and had mother named Cleopatra V ?
In which monarch did Li Si succeed someone?
Which home town of PAvel Moroz is the death location of the Yakov Estrin ?
Which company which assembles its cars in Broadmeadows, Victoria?
Which person designed the cars which has been designed by ASC Creative Services?
Name the scientist whose supervisor was Ernest Rutherford and had a doctoral students named Charles Drummond Ellis?
Where was the designer of REP Parasol born?
What is the common affiliation of the Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt and alma mater of the Duncan U. Fletcher?
What is the hometown of Nader Guirat, where Josef Johansson was born too?
What tv series can be said to be related to the sarah jane adventure and dr who confidential?
How many shows does HBO have?
Is Nikolai Morozov the former coach of Stanislav Morozov?
What is the common genere of Abhijit Kunte and Kasparov ?
Which share holder of outlook is also the content license of the MSX Basics ?
On how many different grounds were seasons chaired by Ronaldo held?
Which source country of SamurAbsheron channel is the birth place of Anar Salmanov ?
Where was the battle fought where 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment participated ?
What is the operator of SR class 3Sub ?
Which band's former member are Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
Did Timm Gunn guest in Sunrise (HIMYM)?
Name the tenants of O.co Coliseum ?
which politician is currently ruling over Rishkiesh?
Is north america one of the destinations of airtours airways?
Who have done their PhDs under a National Medal of Science winner?
Who is the common manager of Aston Villa 2000-02 season and aldo the manager of Middlesbrough F.C. season 2009-10
Name the mascot of the military branch of William Harper.
How many tenats have been there, of the constructions of PCL constructures?
Was Kevin Jonas a part of Jonas brothers?
What was the book that lead to Sagan's Cosmos, about?
Which kind of conventions are held in Rosemont, Illinois?
What are the type of Greenup County High School?
List the teams for which Bobby Hoppe played ?
What are some famous works of the writer of The Second Coming?
How many books have been penned by Miguel de Cervantes?
Which labels signs up progressive rock bands?
What are the schools whose city is Reading, Berkshire?
Which magazine's editor is married to Crystal Harris?
Does the west thurrock come under Essex county?
How many people have headed organizations headquartered at Niederkirchnerstrae?
In which television shows have Steven Moffat served as an executive producer?
Which shareholder of Dagenham wind turbines is also the parent company of the Ford Falcon Cobra?
What are the airlines whose hub is San Francisco International Airport?
Where can I find things run by the maritime museum of San Diego?
What is the local authority of the Trinity School, Brentwood and place of birth of the Sarah Walker (badminton) ?
How many services does 21Vianet provide?
Which planet was discovered by Johann Gottfired and Urbain Le Verrier ?
where did the office holder died who is successor to Elmer Burkett ?
Name the team for which Hensley Meulens played, whihc was also the debut team od Steve Ontiveros ?
List the actors of Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married?
Name the island with archipelago as Society Islands and has the largest city named Faaa ?
Who started at the pole position in both 1997 canadian grand prix and the 94 spanish one?
Who appointed the governor under whom Richard Winn served?
What company involved in the development of Sherlock did Arthur Levinson work for?
Which tenants of the Master Card center is also th draft team of Sam Carrrick
Who produced the TV shows for Fremantle Media?
What is the style of architecture of South Loop Printing House District ?
Whose provides the service of Outlook and also products such as Visual Studio?
Is Ombla originate in Croatia?
What is the nationality of Newin Chidchob ?
In which team did Dave Bing and Ron Reed started their basketball career?
Was Ganymede discovered by Galileo Galilei?
List some musicians associated with famous guitar players?
What are the awards won by the producer of Elizabeth: The Golden Age?
With what company is the service OneDrive associated?
Name the university whose affiliations's foundation place is Washington, D.C.?
Name presidents of the schools which have queen noor of Jordan as one of them ?
Who appointed the governor under which Robert Witherspoon worked?
Who is the producer of the song which is the previous work of He's a Liar ?
List the base currency of the country whose anthem is Oj, svijetla majska zoro.
Who gave the voice for Allen Walker ?
Who is associated to Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus and Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
Which country has given citizenship to both saima chowdhury and edmund john?
Who is the person that first ascented the Cathedral Peak and Mount Hoffmann?
What university campuses are situated in Indiana?
Where is the swedish covenant hospital?
Which composer of Girl from the North Country is the subsequent work of the Moondog Matinee?
What is the television show whose vocals are performed by April Stewart and Mona Marshall?
Name the members of boards of Freedom of the City and Trinity House?
Was Reza Amrollahi born in Iran?
Which title of Zaman Shah Durrani is also the nationality of Salahuddin ?
In which war did Roh Tae Woo and Lee Leffingwell fight?
list the producer of the movies in which Rosemarie DeWitt in the star cast?
What can be cooked out of things belonging to the order Sapindales?
How many TV shows were made by someone who was associated with Lewis Hamilton?
What is the city whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis?
Name the alma mater of Michael hahn ?
How many party leaders are there whose parties are headquartered in Berlin?
How many total religions are followed by people whose hometown is somewhere in India?
Who are the cast members of The Simpsons Ride?
Which american football team has stadium as O.co Coliseum?
What woman acted in the mating habits of earthbound humans and is often associated with Mams taylor?
List the products of Playboy Enterprises?
Did Gwo Ka originate in Western Africa?
What are some artists on the show whose opening theme is Send It On?
Which company has a product named Visual Studio and One Drive as service ?
Give me the total number of commander of the military conflicts whose commander is Roundhead (Wyandot).
Who is the player who plays for the team that has the Michigan Stadium?
Which country's leader is David Johnston?
How many factions have fought in wars where Francois Marie Le Marchand de Lignery was involved?
Who is the leader of the town where the Myntdu river originates?
List the movies whose editors are born in London.
What is the incumbent of the Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 and also the president of the Ann Lewis ?
Which royal person married the successor of Darius I?
What is the region of the Kim Sawchuk which is also served by the Airtours International Airways ?
Where was Antonio Giannini born?
Where was David Scherman trained ?
Which company offer service of Outlook.com and OneDrive?
What is the province of Rouen Business School ?
What religions do politicians in the Korean Minjoo Party follow?
Give me the total number of employer of the engineers whose one of the employer is McDonnell Aircraft ?
What were the major actions taken by the politicians living in Gales Ferry, Connecticut?
Where was Live in Detroit, MI recorded ?
who all have been a manager of english under twenty one football team?
Name the sea with Helsinki as one of the shore city and is also an outflow for Danish straits?
What awards have been won by the executive producer of Timmy Time ?
What is the district of Fort Heath radar station ?
What is the common nickname given both to Harding academy and Lyons township high school?
Count all those who've played for the youth club which owns the Rosario, Santa Fe stadium.
What are some families of mammals in the animal kingdom?
What is the profession of the Chris Myers (New Jersey) which is the governing body of Oahu Railway and Land Company ?
Count all the different purposes followed by the different NGOs.
Which television show's developer is Brian Graden and voices to the character is by Isaac Hayes?
How many things are crossed over by bridges which can carry cars?
Did Steve Sampson manage a club of Santa Clara university
What newspapers's owners is Schibsted
Which arena of WPC Dynamo Moscow is death location of Tigran Petrosian >
List the name of the soccer clubs whose chairman is Joan Laporta.
List all the layouts of the automobile whose one of the layout is four-wheel-drive layout ?
In which time zone is Pong Pha?
What is the alma mater of the Angela Trusty and Charles Ayres?
Which band had the members of The Conglomerate, and has made 'Before I let you go'?
What is the birth place of the cast of Lagnacha Dhumdhadaka?
How many rivers start in an English speaking country?
What is the television show whose theme music composer's home town is El Sobrante, California?
What is the Nickname of Daniel O'Regan ?
Where are Aureus and Solidus used as currency?
Music for what was made by someone who died of a cardiovascular disease?
Is the chestnut white bellied rat a mammal?
Was Tim Gunn a guest on The Broken Code?
In how many nations can I find dishes made of Shallot?
Who are some american football players whose high school is Oktoc, Mississippi?
What system is both a platform where Nord runs and also distributed The beauty inside?
Is Tirana the largest city of Albania?
what are some common games played at both Fr Agnel Multipurpose School and Vishwajyot High School?
Who were all the people in office when bob hawke was the PM?
Name some shows whose company is owned by the CBS Corporation?
Which sports are played at institues in Taguig?
Joe Hahn is the member of what band?
Name the television show whose distributor is Comedy central and the character voice is given by Isaac hayes ?
Raymond Johansen is the mayor of what city?
What is the nation of the speedway league where Ikaros Smederna played?
What are the kind of games one can play on windows?
Count the number of sports played by schools which play hockey ?
Who holds stock in the railway lines ending in Washington DC?
Where is Temenos Group founded ?
What was the language of the single which came before To Know Him Is to Love Him?
Where was the narrator of Spain on the Road Again born?
What is the common school of Chris Marve and Neria Douglass?
In which areas are the radio stations of Monticello, Maine available too?
What relegious affiliation of Josiah Idowu-Fearon was canonized by john of Damasucs ?
Name the TV show whose composer is Judy Hart Angelo and company as Paramount Television ?
Rivers from which countries flow into the Caspian?
Name the military unit whose garrison is Arlington County, Virginia and command structure is United States Department of Defense?
Where does the successor of Thongsuk Samdaengpan reside?
what are some devices made by asus?
Count the number of people who graduated from universities affiliated with the NCAA.
Is Queen Latifah associated with Afrika Baby Bam?
Count all that was built by a company whose leader is Kazuo Hirai?
Name the sports played by PATTS College of Aeronautics?
Name the tenant of Ever bank field which has also has player named Dan Shamash ?
Which country did the prime minister belong to who was served by Thanong Bidaya ?
What is the largest city in the country where the San Marcos River originates?
Give a list of all the labels that have jazz fusion artists signed up with them?
Name the major shrine of Bogumilus?
Name the office holder whose predecessor is Henry E. Catto, Jr. and won Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award?
Which holy places did consider Pope Gregory I as a saint?
List the religion of people in the Cambodian human rights party?
In which teams have league members of the Czech Extraliga played previously?
Count the wars in which people awarded with the Croix de guerre fought.
For which clubs do the players of Azam F.C. play for?
Which location of INKAS is also the location of T.I. Ahmadiyya Senior High School, Kumasi ?
Who are buried in Rome and Mausoleum of Augustus?
How many battles have involved commanders of 1st Free French Division?
Count the number of cities on the Mediterranean Sea?
Name a river with source country as Zambia and source location as Ikelenge District?
Which researchers received fellowship from Royal Society?
acer nigrum is used in making what?
what are some famous people out of the Filipinos?
Who is the office holder with deputies as Neil Brown and Andrew Peacock?
Which executive producer of Into the Dalek also produced Wizards vs Aliens ?
Who appointed the successor of Charles Pinckney ?
Where did they debut their careers , those who have played for US men's national soccer team?
To whom was Tessa Dahl born to?
EU Broadcasting Union is the owner of the distributor of what?
Was Jack Ryan a nominee of US Senate?
Count the number of religions followed by the alumini of Ananda College.
Which city located on Mediterranean Sea is also the stadium of Panionios G.S.S. season ?
What is the river whose source is Cowombat Flat and has it's mouth located in Murray Mouth?
What is the broadcast area of WBCQ (SW) ?
Who were in the youth clubs that were in season of 2015 Argentine Primera Division?
List the cities which share the same water body as that of Florida ?
God Defend New Zealand is the national anthem of which country?
What is the name of the movie whose director of photography was Jordan Cronenweth and music composer was Vangelis?
From how many coutries do companies come, which are headquartered in the Klang Valley?
Who founded the sister stations of Discovery Communications?
What are the notable works of the person who produced Queer as Folk?
What are the border of High Desert (Oregon)?
What all is owned by a company one of whose division is Paramount Domestic Television?
Which musical band produced the subsequent work of City of New Orleans ?
Which parent organization of Get TV also owns the Galleria ?
Which artist of Madagascar: Operation Penguin is also the writer of He's a Pirate ?
Where did Goran Cengic die?
The authors of Zhorstoke nebo was influenced by whom ?
Name the basketball team which is coached by Louis Dunbar and has president as Jeff Munn ?
Who all have rented the stadium whose architect is Populous?
Which body governs over the place made by the chumash people?
Which hometown of pavel Moroz is also the palace of birthplace of Helena of Moscow ?
Which TV show developed by J. Michael Stracznski has artist as Christopher Franke ?
Name the largest city in the county where there is a Cy-Fair High School.
What are the academic interests of the past members of Senser?
Name the common associate band of Blayse and Teddy Riley ?
Who is the performer of album which has the song "To Where You Are" ?
Does the merlin express have a hub at the cibano international airport?
How many people live in Wilton, Connecticut?
For how many different teams have Ontarians been drafted ?
Which Fox show is presented by Ryan Seacrest?
How many rivers are crossed by different Box Girder bridges?
What is the alma mater of the actors of The God Who Wasn't There ?
What railway lines go through the stations maintained by Western Australian Public Transport Authority?
Which label released the movie written by Thomas Meehan?
What is the leader name of the settlements whose governing body is Municipal council?
What is the major shrine of Jacques-Dsir Laval ?
List places that are associated to cities in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
What sporting goods companies are located in Herzogenaurach?
Count the number of actors in Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married.
What genre of games are made by Blizzard Entertainment studios?
Which predecessor of Alexander Downer was deputy to Neil Brown ?
Who built the stadium which was rented by Costa Rica national football team?
Which sports are played in the alma mater of Amitava Datta?
To which series does the character of Londo Mollari belong?
Count all the scientologists.
Rashid Behbudov State Song Theatre and Baku Puppet Theatre can be found in which country?
What is the birthplace of Liudmila Privivkova and Qadir Huseynov ?
What is the predecessor of the automobile which is the related of Cadillac Fleetwood?
How many genres of games can I find on the commodore CDTV?
List the cast member of the movies whose producer is Mark Johnson.
Under which archipelago does Canary Islands fall?
In how many territories were the wars fought where Fusil Gras Mile 1874 were used?
What is the craft of the Ralph Flanders which is also the profession of Claiborne Pell ?
Who are the politicians whose death place is Ontario?
Does the US route 281 have a junction at San Antonio?
Where do the CNN employees typically graduate from?
Who has stock in the railway lines managed by Norfolk Southern Railway?
Name the company whose one of the product is Pixar Image Computer and has one of the key person as Edwin Catmull?
Who has official residences at Beverly Hills and Colts Neck Township ?
Give me a count of royalties buried in Rome ?
What is the route junction of Rhode Island Route 15 ?
Which executive producer of the ultimate merger is also an important person at Trump Productions?
Is KOMC-FM the sister station of KOMC (AM)?
Do the asiana airlines fly to Jeju airport?
Which awards are presented by Swedish Academy?
List the awards won by the fashion designer which have been recognized by Tennessee State Museum ?
Which motion picture stories were edited by Ishir Honda?
What is the location of death of the skier who was the bronze medalist of Alpine skiing at the 1964 Winter Olympics Men's slalom ?
Where all does the sister station of virgin radio play?
What is the affiliation of tani University ?
Which rivers originate from Dowra?
Who was the architect of the stadium currently run by the Pittsburgh Pirates?
How many TV shows have been created by Simon Fuller ?
What is the record label of the Next Thing and also the label of the The Producers (2005 film)?
Did Henry Ford design the Model C?
How many people are known for Dragons' Den?
WHich region of the Providence Chapel, Charlwood is also the region of the Joseph Case High School
Name the scientist whose supervisor was John Robert Woodyard and has won Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Which branch of american military have both George Siebels jr and Leroy Collins served?
What are some relatives of armymen who died in Germany?
What is the award presented by Downtown Athletic Club and Yale Club NYCity?
List the primeministers of Victor Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow ?
What is the college of the basketball player who lives in Ashton Historic district?
Greater Napanee is the home town of what people?
In which state is the Channel district?
Name the religious affiliation of Vagif Aliyev ?
Name the company founded in US and provides OneDrive as service ?
In which branch of the government does James L. McConaughy belong?
Count the number of characters of the play whose one of the character is Catwoman ?
what cities are located on the sides of mediterranean sea?
Is Bacillus belong to the domain Bacteria?
How many currencies are in used in places where people speak French?
What political party has governed both in Baraily,MP and Jowai?
Which officers fought in the war of Siege of Fort Recovery?
How many writers speak a language belonging to the Germanic kind of languages?
Was Duanne Allman known to play the Les Paul?
For which other teams do members of tanzanian national football team play?
Who are the major stockholders of the bank which is the company of Bloomberg Markets ?
How many maintainers are there of the bridges that can carry motor vehicles over them?
What race of Linda Hogan is the state of origin of the Holmes Colbert ?
What is Jon Speelman famous for?
What is the name of the artist which worked on the subsequent work of Ella Loves Cole ?
What are the television shows whose network is Prime Time Entertainment Network?
What is the place of birth of the stars of Auto Shankar ?
In which state can I find Burr Truss styled bridges?
tonle sap flows into which river?
What city is the residence of Cheryl Teigs?
List some teammates of Ndonga Mianga?
Give me a count of everything under the archipelago, where Papeete is the biggest town.
Name the nearest city to Lake Victoria?
Name the constituency of Domenico Modugno ?
What awards did the founder of Grameen Bank win?
Where is Benjamin Franklin Terry buried, and US Route 59 has a junction?
Where were the doctoral students of James Langer born?
Was A foreign policy on freedom covered by John Trumbull?
Who is the writer of the singles whose producer is Peter-John Vettese?
What company's leader is Edwin Catmull?
Eric roth wrote how many screenplays?
What is the common race of the Martin Molony and race of the Coneygree ?
What are some companies which are founded in Dallas Jurisdiction?
How many have been awarded by the Royal Society?
Which philosophy journal has compiler as Stephen Law ?
Who are the opponents of Gervase Helwys?
Who is the starring of the movies such that music is by Raamlaxman?
In which country is there a political party whose leader is Jose Cha Cha Jimenez?
Name the movies distributed by RKO Pictures and has music composer as Bernard Herrmann?
What is the headquarters of the public transit system which is the section of Red Ahead ?
Which mascot of Celal Bayer university is also the nickname of kore Presbyterian Theological Seminar ?
Where is the head quarters of the owner of Hamline Avenue?
Give me some series related to the one which had Yasmin Paige in them.
With whom is Heinz Kokott a relative to who also served Nazi Army?
Which magazine's publisher is Jann Wenner and founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
Name the mountain whose range is Sierra Nevada (U.S.) and parent mountain peak is Nevado de Toluca?
Which television show's network is BBC HD and is related to Doctor Who Confidential?
Who is the artist of Sings Kristofferson and also performed Milk Cow Blues atleast once?
What are the towns who have Thesaban system?
What is the life stance of the ethnic groups related to Micronesia ?
What is the television show whose producer is Stephen E. Ambrose?
List the newspapers whose headquarters's time zone is Central European Summer Time.
Which TV show's opening theme is The Best of Both Worlds (song) and executive producer is Steven Peterman?
What is the magazine which have been founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
Paul Morphy compiled journals of which field?
Which river ends at Thames Estuary and North Sea?
Where was Ganefo hosted?
Count the number of sports team members which have player named Matt Williams ?
Name the office holder with predecessor as Samuel W. McCall and office in Massachusetts House of Representatives?
How many other awards have been given to people who have won the Golden Globe?
Does Mr. Jim's Pizza operate in the pizza industry?
List down the schools whose mascot's order is Even-toed ungulate?
How many other field are there of the scientists whose one of the field is Mathematics ?
Who had Joe Purcell and Winston Bryant as lieutenants ?
What company's founder is Jim Harris?
In which city is Corringham railway station located?
Did stan lee narrate the incredible hulk tv show?
How many sports are played in organizations presided by Emanuel de Guzman?
Where do the sister stations of Al Khaleejiya 100.9 play?
Which sports are played in schools affiliated with the Harvest Christian Center?
What is the religion of the person who is in the cast of Master's Sun> ?
What is common between sports played at Fr Agnel School and Jr college, and the genre of Virtual Kasparov?
Who has official residences at Colts Neck Township and Beverly Hills?
How many different genres of games are produced by Blizzard?
Name the river with source as Shannon Pot and its mouth is located in Limerick?
Name the river flowing through Reading and source place as Gloucestershire ?
List the people who were born in Gelnhausen and graduated from Pepperdine University?
What is the common licence of the Frontaccounting and nUbuntu?
Which TV shows distributor is Broadcast syndication and developed by Brian Graden ?
Who was in conflicts of Fort Barrancas and Gadsden?
Which university was attended by both Richard H Immerman and Franklin W Olin?
Name someone known for a project involved in the Occupation of Japan?
What are Monrow Carell Jr Children Hospital and Vanderbilt University Medical Center both affiliated with?
What are some cars which came before the ones on a GM B base?
Name few companies founded in Texas?
What is the awards given to the horse whose grandson is the famous Counterpoint?
what kind of games can I find for PC 9800?
Count all the ethinic group who speaks language which belongs to Anglo-Frisian language family ?
Name all those whose spouses have performed with Tony Bennett?
Which office holder's governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has final resting place in North Bend, Ohio?
What are the books written by the the person who made the Novelas ejemplares?
Whos a famous relative of anne spielberg?
Name the TV show whose network is NBC and is the subsequent work of Fraiser ?
Does chicago own the washington station on the CTA Blue Line?
Give the distinct number of other party of the people which have one of the party as Janata Party ?
What is the company of Ford Theatre ?
List the director of The Adventures of mimi ?
Count the units garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia.
Where is the grave of Ivan III of Russia ?
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi gives service as Nintendo Network?
Who designed the bridge in Oddamavadi?
List all the co-founders of the non for profit which have founding member as David pressman ?
Name the products of Den norske Bank ?
how many companies are located in a spanish speaking region?
What are some US citizens famous for?
Which genre of books are published by Random House?
Name the office holder whose child is Lori Black and predecessor is Henry E. Catto Jr ?
How many golf players are there in Arizona State Sun Devils ?
Which rivers start in Wyoming?
What is the common profession of William Luther Hill and Claiborne Pell?
Name the movie whose director is Ridley Scott and it's music composer is Vangelis?
What country is Jeffrey Werleman from, which also has the American Mediterranean Sea?
The Prime minister who worked in the Khmer Issarak follows which religion?
Who coached the marquet golden eagels during 2013
Who is the musical artist worked for labels Celluloid Records and Victor Entertainment?
Is Tea the main ingredient of Lahpet?
Which tenant of New Sanno Hotel is the military branch of the Gary Holder-Winfield ?
How many destinations are covered by the airlines which also serves Europe ?
How many famous people are born in Long Island?
List the other members of the team where Jason Hayne currently plays?
Whose academic advisor works at the St George's Hospital?
List the home stadiums of the teams in the Russian Premier League?
What are the countries for which History of Trier principal to?
In which country is there a dam on the Awash river?
List the newspapers whose offices are situated in 1211 Avenue of the Americas?
What are the movies whose cinematographer is Gregg Toland?
Who is the person who are on the board of Freedom of the City?
Name the sitcoms whose network's owning company is Chris-Craft Industries?
Which astronauts went on the Gemini 8 mission?
How many developers have games where I can hear Lightning McQueen?
List the television shows whose Composers are associated with Strontium 90 ?
List the ingredient of Blodpalt ?
Does Caroline Augusta Foley Rhys Davids study Buddhism?
Who is the performer of Bengali in Platforms ?
In how many other states do people live, whose languages are spoken in Nebraska?
Who founded the city where First Church of Christ, Scientist is located?
Who is the owner of the bank where Thomas Secunda works ?
What are some fictional characters whose voice is in the peanuts movie?
What country had the title of 2001 Speedway Ekstraliga ?
Name the team for which Cam Plante played for which were also the tenants of MasterCard center ?
What is the total number of other tenant of the stadia whose one of the tenant is Raptors 905?
Where is Carmel Winery?
In how many places have Irishmen died?
List the stadium of the teams which uses Nea Smyrni as one of the stadium ?
What awards have been awarded both to Ingmar bergman and James O'Brien?
List the colonel with branch as Militia ?
How many companies are located in Toronto ?
Name the chairman of the soccer club for which Mike Salmon currently plays?
Who is a successor of Kingship whose parents were Julius Caesar?
Who wrote the musical based on Mary Poppins?
Which draft team of bob Macmillan is also the prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin ?
Which fields are covered by academic journals in the US?
What river ends in Indian Ocean and also starts somewhere in Zambia?
Where do the people, famous for the Panathinaikos FC reside?
How many people have voiced characters sculpted by Clamp?
To which company does Raymond Conner is critical to?
What team has players born in Dominican Republic ?
What is the death place of the Elbieta Czartoryska which is also place of birth of the Charles Journet
What is the university attended by the baseball player who's known for Olin Corporation?
In which country did Philippe tesnire and judson huss die?
Which shows are voiced be US citizens?
Who has starred in the amusement park attractions where Jim Dooley was performing?
Was Derg the anthem of Ethopia?
What cities does the river goes through, whose tributary is the little black river in Arkansas?
what region is governed by Mario Olivero?
How many other characters are there of the plays which has a characters name Joker (comics) ?
What is the Team Name of St. Viator High School ?
List the battles fought by Ali Habib Mahmud ?
What is the label of the singles whose group is Outlawz ?
For how many other teams have the former players of Boston Bruins played?
Count the different origins of members of the Vitis Vinifera species.
Who is the author of Karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
List the destinations of the airlines which also serves Mediterranean Sea ?
Was the 2d Command and Control Squadron barracked in Colorado?
Where do the airlines garrisoned at Manchester airport fly to?
Name the members of youth clubs which have Camp Nou as their homeground.
Who is the founder of Hohenau, Paraguay?
List the show related to the which was followed by Doctor Who Extra?
Count the number teams which have former ice hockey players which also included American Hockey League ?
What is the largest city of the country which hosted the 1951 Asian Games?
Who gives the license of WXXV-DT2 ?
What is the result of the GazaIsrael conflict is also the place of the Qaqun?
Members of how many political parties have died in Delhi?
To how many places does the airlines fly, whose head office is located at the Gatwick Airport?
Which political figures were awarded Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award?
Where are the movies directed by Faisal Aman Khan recorded?
Where do current famous NatGeo photographers live?
How many awards have been given to Italians?
How many different layouts do cars designed by Oliver Boulay have?
Is Hyundai Lavita assembled in Malaysia?
How many other Guests are there of the television episodes whose Guests is Brian d'Arcy James ?
What awards have the narrator of the Cries and Whispers won?
Name the software which has been developed by John Fanning ?
What are the cities located on the sea into which the Aegean Sea flows?
List the shrines of the saint whose one of the shrine is Ponza ?
Whichi burial place of the Henri, Duke of Rohan is also the birth place of Michel Frutschi ?
Who is the former partner of the pupil of Dalilah Sappenfield?
Who died due to Morphine ?
How many mammals are in the Chordate phylum?
How many people were opponents of the ones buried in the tower of London?
Name the common university of the Cardinal and Jim Wylie?
Name the species of Southwest African lion ?
In which country did the planes designed by Ursula Hanle originate?
List the pole drivers in the grand prixes where Williams Grand Prix Engineering was a first team?
From how many different institutes have the members of Judge Advocate General's Corps graduated?
Which newspaper owned by Schibsted is published in Swedish ?
In how many different places have ehtics philosophers died?
What political ideology of the Palang Dharma Party is relegion of Inthakin?
Where did Fort Lauderdale Strikers season of 16 take place?
What are some relatives of the people who fought in Operation Barbarossa?
What are the other key people of the non-profit organisations whose one of the key person is Joe Green ?
Is Mike Babcock the head coach of Toronto Maple Leafs?
What writers have nationality as Statelessness?
Who is the leader of United States House of Representatives elections, 1788 and 1789 ?
Where is the king buried whose predecessor was Iyasu II?
Is Audie Murphy buried in the Arlington national cementery?
What honours did Reigh Count receive?
How many people have written stuff broadcasted on the Tokyo Broadcasting System?
List the awards received of the person whose child is Daine Disney Miller?
How many more teams have rented the stadium used by Raptors 905?
Give me a count of musicians who play an instrument developed by George Beauchamp ?
What is the place of birth of Lauren Briggs ?
Does the St lawrence river start in Kingston, Ontario?
Give me an estimate of the number of manufacturers whose products are managed by MTR?
Who is the fictional character whose relative is Vestigial Peter?
What are a few molluscas whose family is Buccinidae?
What is the agency name of the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (Thailand) and distribution region of the Channel 9 MCOT HD ?
What type of government is elected in Kumta?
What company developed Mac OS 9 and also brought Tiny Tower to the market?
Which currency is primarily used by the company which is the distributing label of VDE-Gallo Records?
Who all have been in bands which have recorded their work in the Electric Lady Studios?
What is the label of things produced by the band If?
What is the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade (TV series) and developed by J. Michael Straczynski?
What people were born in Ridgewood, New Jersey?
Which content license of the MSX BASIC is also the profession of the Laura K. Ipsen ?
What is the company to which Fusajiro Yamauchi proprietor to ?
Who is the performer of the album whose subsequent work is Willie Nelson and Family ?
Name the debut team of Dan Otero ?
What is the POD of the successor of Pmare I ?
Who is the producer of Captain EO ?
List all the home stadium of the soccer clubs which has one of the home stadium as Nairobi ?
How many utopian and dystopian fiction books are there?
Which college of Luke List (golfer) is the alma mater of K. Terry Dornbush
What are the academic interest of Philip Novak?
Does the Westchester Avenue fall under the Bronx?
Count the total number of software whose programming language is C++ and operating system is Microsoft Windows?
How many albums were released under the Victor Entertainment label?
Does NOAAS Davidson (S 331) have a homeport in Seattle?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station was also the place where 99 (2009 film) was recorded ?
Which parties have their members live in the PM House, Colombo?
Which office holder's resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial park and has adrian A. Basora as successor ?
Name the movie written by Monty Python and distributed by Cinema International Corporation ?
Which governor of Charles Willing byrd fought the battle of Siege of Fort Recovery ?
On what subject does WTJC-LP air?
Which company owns Evraz ?
Who is the leader of Panki block ?
Which parent company of Edsel was the first team of the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix ?
Name the company whose products's predecessor is Boeing Vertol CH-46 Sea Knight?
Name the species of Liger ?
Which fictional character's relative is Clan McDuck and belongs to American Pekin duck ?
Is michelangelo the painter of The Persian Boy?
Name the line of the Vadodara Junction railway station which is also the hub airport of the Pawan Hans?
Which television shows has sound format as 5.1 surround?
Which boarder country of Korean Peninsula was the state of Sodagreen ?
Where is the capital of Kelsey Creek located?
Name the TV show whose opening theme is Gary Portnoy and the subsequent work is Frasier?
Which president was served by someone whose lieutenant is Lewis Stuyvesant Chanler?
What does the famous relative of Levon Ashotovich Grigorian do for a living?
Whose county seats are Mediolanum and History of Trier?
How many movies did Joel Schumacher direct?
How many games are played at universities in Metro Manilla?
Who is the owner of Saumarez ?
Is Compaq a software company?
Name the president served by a lieutenant who succeeded Bob C Riley.
What automobile engine's successor is BMW M40
Which shareholder of Naval Air facility Adak is also the operator of New Sanno Hotel ?
How many owners are there of things located in Alabama?
Where is Oskar Blues located ?
Was the FIS Alpine World Ski Championship of 1950 held in Colorado?
What are the outflow of the lakes which also has one of the outflow as Congo River ?
List the science fiction shows broadcasted on BBC HD ?
Which key person of Clinton Foundation is also the president of Jim Sasser ?
What is the division of the companies who make Runes of Magic?
What is the basketball team whose President's college is Brockport Golden Eagles?
What common teams do Ramiro Pea and Bruce Bochy share?
In which sitcom did Jeff Conaway acted and had TNT as its network ?
How many cities are around the sea into which the aegean sea flows?
How many buildings are located in the jurisdiction of John Tory?
Which railway line goes through the stations which are a part of the North Caucasus railway?
Whose doctoral student is etienne bieler\xc9tienne_Bi\xe9ler
What are some bands originating in London?
what awards have been giving to Muhammad Yunus?
List the successor of successor of Hayden, Stone & Co.
What are some video games whose music is composed by an employ of the company Creatures?
Who are the people which ITV(TV network) has employed?
Which televion show's theme music was given by Ron Grainer and is broadcasted by BBC HD ?
What team did J P Paris was former team of Bert McCaffrey play for?
How many teams have LA kings players in them currently?
List the opponents of the relatives of Thomas Helwys?
Who is the coach of England national under-21 football team ?
Name an airline with hub airports as Los Angeles International Airport and San Francisco International Airport?
What is the region of Tom Perriello ?
What is the label of the album whose previous work is Waterfall?
What are some other great things by the person who produced Queer as Folk?
Where is the assembly of Plymouth Savoy, and where Special 26 was recorded?
Who owns the railway line which goes through the Newark Station?
Which relative of George Madison was the leader of United States House of Representatives elections, 1788 and 1789 ?
What is the branch of the politicians whose governor is Bill Clements?
Is National Archaeological Museum (Florence) the museum of Chimera of Arezzo?
Who are the associate musical artists of Dalma Kovcs ?
Whichd officer's final resting place is North Bend, ohio and belongs to Indiana Territory branch
Name the profession of Oamr D Conger for which Jack Ryan was also nominated ?
What is the series of the book which is a subsequent work of Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human ?
Does the Vadodara Railway station lie at the end of the Mathura Vadodara route?
President of Ghana is the leader title of which country?
Give me all commanders which had an important role in both, the Battle of Fort Stephenson and Battle of the Thames?
In which city are buildings by Solon Spencer Beman found?
Name the scientist who was the winner of Royal Society award and had Georg Meissner as his doctoral advisor ?
What is the commander of Battle of Brownstown ?
What religion's politicians are in the Malaysian Chinese association?
How many religions are practiced by diplomats?
Who developed the programming languages designed by Rob Pike?
List down the prime ministers of Peter Thorneycroft ?
What are the non-fiction topics in the books whose authors is Terry Pratchett?
Where is the senator from whose successor was James belford?
List the newspapers which has headquarters in Stockholm?
Which president of Lance Adams-Schneider had nickname Daniel O'Regan ?
List the software using C++ as programming language and licence is Software as a service?
list some companies founded by Jim Harris.
What has been founded in the state that Denton county, Texas is a part of?
Which countries militaries fought the SFOR battle?
What is the awards won by the producer of From the Life of the Marionettes ?
How many
How many writers worked on the album Main Course?
Count the number of shows whose creators are Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David?
Name the airlines which have a hub in airport in SF?
What is the television show whose company is Playtone and written by Erik Jendresen?
Which office holder allegiance is Colony of Virginia and was has a wife named Dolley Madison ?
How many broadcast area of the television stations exists whose broadcast area is Rodrigues ?
What is the religion of the ethnic group to which the relatives of Waxiang people belong?
Which wine region of Bogdanua is the mouth country of Upper Neretva ?
Under whom did Charles Drummond Ellis do his PhD?
Which company is the parent company of Chevrolet Spark ?
Which associat of Martin Pugh is also married to Alana Stewert ?
Which stadium's operator works in the Pepsi Center?
What is the drafted team of the people expected to join toronto marlies?
What city in the US was Alfred Phillips born in, and is the resting place of William Smith?
Who is the prime minister of Michael Jeffery who is also the minister of Williuam Deane ?
Who appointed the governor under whom Richard Winn works?
Whose deputy is Neil Brown?
Who founded the Not on our Watch NGO?
Who first ascented a mountain of Mount Hoffmann ?
List the broadcast area of the TV stations which also serves in Agalga ?
Which operating system provider of LG Optimus Vu is also the employer of Manu Cornet ?
Which company owns the manufacturer of the Edsel Ranger?
Which are the major hubs of airline which operates the Menora Tunnel?
Name a scientist whose official residence is Cape Town and also won a gold medal at the Royal Astronomical Society ?
What is the military conflict whose commanders are John McEwen and Phm Vn ng?
In which countries have models hanged themselves?
Bridges over what can carry vehicles?
In how many countries do the rivers start which end at the Caspian Sea?
What was founded by Congress of Industrial Organizations ?
Who are the former partners of the figure skaters whose performance have been choreographed by Catarina Lindgren in the past?
Which holy things canonized John of Damascus?
Count the number of schools which are in a city governed by the West Berkshire Council?
Did Hank Williams Jr. make Early in the Morning and Late at Night?
Is Pixar Canada a subsidiary of Pixar?
List some leaders of regions in the Indian Standard Time Zone?
List the spanish football player in the NYC FC ?
Who is the person whose child performed with Tony Bennett?
Name the rivers originating from an English speaking nation?
Which TV show is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures and theme music is composed by Ron Grainer?
List the notable work of David Isaacs (writer)?
Who was in military unit which played the role of Air interdiction?
Which cities were in the TV Show which came after The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2?
Tirana is the largest city of which country?
List the movies whose music composer is often associated with Jon and Vangelis.
How many teams have used the stadium which hosted the WCW mayhem?
Marika Gombitov makes songs in which languages?
What is the area of the broadcast network which has the affiliation with 9TV?
Was the Army Air Corps honored for the battle of Iraq?
What is the debut team of the american football player who studied in North Fort Myers High School?
How many people have played for a club whose coach is Fred Hoiberg?
What is the mascot of the handball teams in the Turkish Handball Super League?
Name the TV show distributed by Broadcast Syndication and is broadcasted by comedy central ?
How many relatives are there of people fought in the Battle of the Bulge?
Is Truth prevails the national motto of Czechoslovakia?
What band made The trial and One of these days song?
What is Bob Adams (American football) known for?
Who was the bronze medalist of Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics Men's 400 metre individual medley ?
Which football players have Newell's Old Boys as youthclub?
Which country's people work in the Birdman enterprises?
List the sports associated with Mariveles, Bataan?
Which team of Dan Shamash is also the debutant team of John Estes ?
Who is the tenant of the home stadium of Toronto Phantoms?
Does the little colorado river flow in the Grand Canyon?
Which educational institution of Jack Mcgregor is also the alma mater of Donn barber ?
How many religions are followed by the people in the Royal Thai Army?
What company made facebook messenger and is the platform where Words of Gold can be played?
What is the common party of the Manthena Venkata Raju and B. Shiva Rao?
In which cities can the beverage related to Barq's be found?
In which city is Arsenal Cider House ? located ?
From which state do the White Plum Asangas come?
List the ceremonial county of East Tilbury ?
How many people are there who have relationship with Kennedy family?
Which board game can be said as a mind based game?
Was GM first aired in Albania?
In which ice hockey league, did the team coached by Joel Quenneville win?
What is the official residence of the Lula J. Davis which is also the death location of the John McTaggart (jockey) ?
How many games have a publisher based in US?
How many fictional characters were humans?
Where was James H. Fields buried ?
Is Julia Gillard a part of monarch of elizabeth 2?
Which cities come in the course of the river, into which Big Creek around Texas flows too?
Where are INKAS located which is also the state of origin for Jojo Chintoh ?
Who wrote the frost king?
How many other key people are there of the non-profit organisations whose key people is Hillary Clinton ?
How many races have the horses bred by Jacques Van't Hart participated in?
Who is the spouse of Daniel Gibson?
Name the mouth country of Upper Neretva ?
In how many regions is English American spoken?
Who has been married to both Penny Lancaster and Alana Stewart?
Which country does league of Nguendula Filipe belongs to?
Which party does Iqbal Singh and B Shiva Rao currently belong to?
What is the largest city of the country to whom, the battle honours of 65th Regiment of Foot were given?
Name a show hosted by Brian Dunkleman and judged by Harry Connick, Jr.?
Is Ella Fitzgerald associated with Mickey Roker?
Name the notable work by Russell T Davis which is also the series of Doctor Who:Destiny of the Doctors ?
Does Cascade Airways have a hub in Seattle?
Who did their highschool from a school whose mascot was a fighting tiger?
What are the school mascots in Blytheville school district?
What are some rivers over which there is a box girder bridge?
How many services does the company who made Onedrive provide?
Name the movie written by Monty Python and has music composer as Geoffrey Burgon ?
Where did the Vitis Vinifera grapes originate?
Who is the leader of Hackweiser ?
What sports are there at the universities affiliated to the National Capital Region Athletic Association?
What musician is often associated with Tiffany Villarreal and wrote Same Song?
Name the city served by Juhu Aerodrome ?
How many ships belong to states which has Unitary as government type ?
Name the university located in Indiana and has affiliations with Kaplan, Inc.?
What common team are Mikhail Pashnin and Robin Kovacs expected to play for?
Which races has the horse bred by Jacques Van't Hart participated in?
What are the awards won by the spouse of Liv Ullmann ?
Which technological products were manufactured by Foxconn?
Does Gibby Haynes play the saxophone?
List the movies directed by Stanley Kubrick?
Things going to the mediterranean sea also go where?
How many first drivers have participated when Scuderia Ferrari was a first team?
Was Tommy Tucker's Tooth animated by Walt Disney?
What is the religious affiliation of Wickramabahu Central College (National School) ?
What is the destinations of the airline whose headquarters is in Manchester?
Name all the bands which have members of QDT in them.
What is the allegiance of the Albert Kwesi Ocran and state of origin of the Jojo Chintoh ?
What appliance Sony made after the success of PlayStation 2?
Which publisher of Stone Canoe is also the university for which Michael Powell plays for ?
How many shows are made by the channel whose predecessor was the Comedy Channel?
What are the movies directed by Joel Schumacher?
Who is owner of the soccer club which owns the Cobham Training Centre?
What is the military rank of the commanders of Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers?
How many wars took place in Israel?
Where is Richard Stites located ?
Semani languages are spoken in which countries?
How many companies serve the Australian region?
Who wrote The Times They Are a-Changin?
Name the river whose source mountain is Baikal Mountains and mouth location is Arctic Ocean?
Who was the opponent of Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset ?
Which organisation has superintendent as Lieutenant general (United States)?
Give me the total number of architect of the buildings whose one of the architect was Louis D. Astorino?
Where can i find companies which were started in Toronto?
List the leaders of the government agencies whose jurisdiction was German-occupied Europe.
Which company released the software RenderMan?
What is the total number of awards whose presenter's headquarters is Beverly Hills, California?
Which associate of Thomas bryan Martin is also the president of Carmichael ?
What cities are nearer to Fuountain Lake Farm?
Count the total number of launch site of the rockets which have been launched form Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ?
How many shows are made by Larry David?
Name the home town of Cline Buckens ?
Was Cliff Burton in Metallica?
What are the television shows whose network's sister station is BBC Two?
Tell me the name of the Prime Time Entertainment Network's TV show whose Artist is Christopher Franke ?
Which TV show had a judge named Harry Connick, Jr. and was presented by Ryan Seacrest?
How many kinds of games can be played on the Amiga?
Is Michael Schumacher the first driver of the 1994 grand prix?
By which companies is RENFE Class 333 designed?
Who all have been a president of educational institutes in Paud?
Does the asiana airlines fly into the Gimhae International Airport?
Which governer of Winston Bryant is the president of Joseph Stiglitz ?
In which city is the distributor of Jeevan Mrityu located ?
What is the state of the senator whose successor is Nathaniel P. Hill ?
What is the alma mater of the James Still which is also the alma mater of Tom Maniatis?
Count the awards given to the recepients of the Becket fund for religious liberty.
What is the president whose lieutenants are Winston Bryant and Joe Purcell?
In all the grand prixes where the first team was Scuderia Ferrari, who all were the pole drivers?
What is the layout of the automobiles designed by Olivier Boulay?
Who has written the mary poppins musical?
Cable stayed bridges have been used to cross over how many things?
Who maintains the stuff designed by the Brunei government?
Name the common current team of the Avalon biddle and John mcGuinness ?
List the origin of the weapons which were used in the American Revolutionary War.
To which military division does Clark Daniel Stearns belong?
In which race did Coneygree the racehorse and Fergie Sutherland the horse trainer participate?
What are the resting places of the associates of John Betts a, Connecticut politician?
To which educational institutes is Samuel Isham associated to?
Give me a count of mammals whose family is Canidae?
What sports can be played in Kharghar's schools
Name the origin of Henry Cluney ?
Which football team is in a city where A J Clark was a builder?
Who originally wrote the manga which was later illustrated by Tamon Ohta?
What are the current music bands of Chester Bennington?
For which team does Ramiro Pea play ?
How many shows is Russell Davies known for?
What is the leader of the government agency which is the military unit of Erich Kempka ?
Which offices were held by the politicians who held their allegiance to the union of american civil war?
Which awards did the narrator of Oscar and Lucinda win?
Name the serving line of Daund Junction railway station?
On what subjects was Broca's Brain written?
Which purpose of the Maharashtra Chess Association is Abhijit kunte is also know for ?
Which sitcom's company is Paramount Television and is located in Cheers Beacon hill ?
Which leader of united states house representatives election was married to Dolley Madison ?
Name the TV shows owned by divisions of CBS?
Who was the president under whom, a governor participated in Shay's rebellion?
What program is presented by Brian Dunkleman and has artist as Simon Fuller?
Is the charat district a district in peru?
Who are the people who influenced the writers of Evenor ?
What are some movies written by British writers?
How many different people own the Timeform award winners?
List presidents of the school whose one of the president is Charles. Prince of Wales ?
What is the mascot of alma mater of John O Moseley?
Henry McDaniel's trained horses have won which awards?
What are the Languages of Zabbaleen ?
List down the important people of The Elders ?
Through which label did Mel Brooks produce his movie?
How many scientists are known for the Manhatten Project?
Which broadcast area of Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation is also the nationality of Michael Medor ?
Which political party of Chandra Shekhar is also the political party of Datl Satyanarayana Raju ?
How many people have been presenters for NBC shows?
What river originates in Kingston Ontario?
What is the settlement whose neighboring municipalities is Lancy and mayor name is Esther Alder?
What is the television show whose executive producer is Douglas Netter?
Whihc alma mater of angela Trusty is also the training center of David Scherman ?
How many producers have worked for FremantleMedia productions?
Which successor of Philippine Ports Authority is the state of origin of Ruben J. Villote ?
Who is the spouse of Willian Menalaus?
What television show is aired on channel Sirius XM Holdings?
Is Joe Schilling the trainer of Nick Diaz?
Name the associate acts of Martin Pugh?
Which domain's journals did Willard Fiske edit?
Is James Hetfield a band member of Metallica?
Which baseball team is managed by Bruce Bochy?
Name the F1 racer with relative as Ralf Schumacher and has child named Mick Schumacher?
Where is Hafthor Julius Bjornsson from?
How many islands belong to archipelagos located in the pacific?
How many other important things have been written by the creator of Stuart Alan Jones?
What is the person known for who is the movie director of Sleepy-Time Squirrel ?
What kind of music is produced at the record label founded by Andre Bourgeois?
Which political party of Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, 2014 was the leader of Rishikesh ?
What shows used to air on the channel which was earlier known as "The Comedy Central"?
What is the common battle fought by Stephen Urban and Ali Habib Mahmud ?
Who is the cover artist of Doctor Mirabilis (novel) ?
Where did Whitney Wistert debut?
Does Kirk Hammett play the Gibson Flying V?
Name the sport league of Hampton Roads Rhinos ?
What novels are belong to the genre of Utopian and dystopian fiction?
For all the senators who once studied in Sturm College of Law, give their burial place?
What is the programme format of WWTR ?
What is the home ground of the clubs managed by Ciao Zanardi?
Which people are known for appearing on the television show Dragon's Den?
How many railway lines go through the station maintained by Public transport authority of western australia?
Name the university of Alexandre Tichonov ?
What subjects does the subsequent work of The Dragons of Eden deals with ?
What awards did the cast members of Gods of Egypt win?
Name the office of Richard Coke ?
Carl Sagan has penned books on how many matters?
what are some units udner the US department of navy?
Which allegiance of the John Kotelawala is also the sovereign state of the Sanath Weerakoon ?
Which city's teams have been coached by Gary Kubaik?
What sport has made Eric Schiller famous, and has employed Craig Van Tibury?
Which part of the US political framework did Arthur Bagby and Thomas H hicks both serve?
Who gave the voice to the characters sculpted by Clamp?
What is the country whose administrative centre is Hagta, Guam?
What is the political party of the of Bengalis ?
Which political party of kumta had affiliation with Indian general election, 2004 (Andhra Pradesh)
Was Writings and Drawings illustrated by Bob Dylan?
Which composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare has also composed The time are A-Changing ?
How many major shrine are there, of the saints whose beatified by Pope Pius XI ?
List the guest of the show The Other Side (The Outer Limits)?
Who are the characters of Batman Live?
Who is buried at the place governed by National Park Service?
Count all the things licensed as Software as a service.
What show has theme music composer as Ron Grainer and at the same time related to Class (2016 TV series)?
How many different kinds of games are published by Interplay Entertainment?
How many different kinds of softwares have been released under the GPL license?
Who are the stars of the movies which are distributed by Artisan Entertainment ?
List the schools of the athlete with Balgowan as one of the school ?
What awards have been once awarded to Ingmar Bergman, and have employed the service of Laemmle Theatres?
Who produced wizards vs aliens?
Which team did Bill Murphy and Jean Segura play for?
What is the draft team of Gene Conley ?
Which coach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team is also the head coach of Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team ?
What location country of AH141 is also the nation of malaysia Junior hockey league ?
On how many subjects has Random house publishers published books?
What is the common nationality of Funny Face a comedian and that of Georgina Theodora Wood ?
Where do the judge advocate general corps live?
What are the things Eric Schiller known for ?
Does Walt Disney Studio have a subsidiary called PixarCascadia_
Which nearest city of Jurgens Site is the death plce of Jimmie Heuga ?
On which river are there things belonging to zambezi river authority?
What are the nearest city to the historic places whose one of the nearest city is Wisconsin?
Who is the leader of the Kriminalpolizei and Ordnungspolizei?
Does vance johnson play as a wide receiver?
To which political party does Virendra Kataria belongs ?
How many different products are there of the companies located in the US?
Which are the countires where Pioneer Corporation has flourished?
List all the former broadcast network of WMDN ?
Which ethnicity do Linda Hogan and Riley Reid come from?
Who are the people which were the influencer of the person, who influenced Costanzo Preve ?
Which city do both Arthur Ross and Edward Niesen come from?
Who is married to Tony Ramo
Which county of Tremont Avenue is also the birht place of Ron Galotti ?
What is the debut team of the gridiron football player who coached the 1931 Staten Island Stapletons season ?
Who wrote Heroman?
What is the region of the successor of Mr. Jerome B. Chaffee ?
Who appointed Joseph Clay and William Cushing to their office?
Was Zambezi originate in the north western province of zambia?
Who first ascented a mountain of Cathedral Peak (California) ?
Name the licensee of the WRVU who has the affiliation of Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt ?
What awards did the film director of The Haunted House win ?
In which war did the units garrisoned at Turin fight?
What all is produced by companies in Douglas, Isle of Man?
What is the number of occupation of the people who died in tampa bay, florida?
Whose theme music was composed by a band which collaborated with Phish?
Whose work is in the Musee d'orsay?
Which president had lieutenants whose governor was Bill Clinton?
List the developers who has contributed to both GNOWSYS and GNU TeXmacs ?
What is the municipality of Liberty Bell ?
Who all are known to play the Gibson Guitar Corporation?
Which animator of the The Skeleton Dance is also the cinematographer of the Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
Who built the stadium which was rented for the 2013 Copa Centroamericana ?
Brian Dunkleman is the presenter of what TV show?
How many fictional characters are there in a series in which Craig Robinson acted?
Which television show is the subsequent work of Frasier and the opening theme is Gary Portnoy?
in which country does the river end which originates in Lebrsnik?
Which country's largest city is Lima?
List the awards given to the relatives of Gregorios Bernardakis.
Count all the games whose distributors are located in America
What is that something which made Breann McGregor famous, and Frank Thorne received as an award?
Which builder of Ford Straight-6 engine is also the automobile latform provider of Chiva bus ?
What is the university whose campus is Mount Moosilauke?
Which non fiction of the Thud is also the field of the Jon Speelman ?
What is the owning organisation of the Ford Kansas City Assembly Plant and also the builder of the Ford Y-block engine?
what are the nicknames of the people who are in Ekstraliga?
Who is a famous relative of Aaround Van Heemstra?
List the former partner of the figure skaters whose former choreographer was Igor Shpillband.
List the television shows whose distributors are located at Burbank, California.
What is the title of Kakae ?
List all the line of Vadodara Junction railway station?
What is the birth city of the Salford City F.C players ?
List the team for which Doug Acomb played ?
To which US states does the roads belong which meet at the East Whiteland Township in Pennsylvania?
To what other locations does the airlines have flights, who also fly to Birmingham?
How many states does the Pioneer corporation operate in?
Which are the predecessors of the cars which are similar to the Oldsmobile 88?
How many people are there whose children died in Indiana?
Which mountain range is the one with Ponte d'Aveneyre and Le Gibloux?
What is the appliance which uses the central processing unit manufactured by Marvell Technology Group?
In which team was the person drafted who has studied at the Worcester college, Oxford?
What is the military branch of John Tower ?
How many people used to play in the youthclub of FC Barcelona?
What is the type of Naval Station Bremerton ?
Count the number of offices held by people who have their allegiances with the american civil war union?
What are some movies whose distributors are led by Kevin Tsujihara?
What are the other band members of the band one of whose current member is Robert De Niro?
Who are the relatives of the character after which Quagmire's Quagmire was made?
Who are the tenants of MasterCard Centre?
Who is the President of United World College of Costa Rica ?
Is nintendo in the video games industry?
In which movies directed by Orson Welles has Bernard Herrmann as music composer ?
What is the major shrine of the monarchs whose successor is Dragimir of Travunia and Zachlumia?
Who all play for the teams performing in the united center?
Where is the gold coast football club located?
Which award that has been given to James F Obrien, had used Laemmle Theatres for some service?
Where are the Dinamo Krasnodar players born?
Name the people whose academic advisor has also mentored the thesis of Alexius Meinong?
Who is the founder of Wuropean School, Karlsruhe ?
Does the croton river flow into the hudson?
List the program genres of the sister stations of 97.1 WASH FM?
Which fields of the Paul Demiville is also the faith of Koay Teng Hai ?
Count all the band members who are in Bands which have signed up with Entertainment One Music?
Erik Jendresen is the writer of which television show?
Who is the editor of Hearth and Home ?
Mike Shinoda is in which band?
Which leader of United States House of Representatives was the appinter of ohn Drayton ?
How many tenants are there in the Mercedes Benz Superdome?
What is the religion of the successor of Chatumongol Sonakul?
Which associated band of the Teddy Riley is also the performer of the Before I Let You Go?
List all the doctoral student of the scientist who has advised john Bowlby ?
How many developers have worked on games of the Oddworld series?
Count everyone who was in a youthclub chaired by Josep Maria Bartomeu ?
Is Peter Piper Pizza in the pizza industry?
Name a river starting from arequipa region?
What is the religion of the person who founded the Emel magazine?
How many local authorities manage mixed gender schools?
What are some apes?
What is the alma mater of the scientist who is known for Rational analysis ?
What organisations purpose is Peace?
name the mountain range of Le Gibloux ?
Where is the headquarters of Metro Transit (Minnesota) ?
Is Peter Crouch currently in the Stoke City FC?
Is Lloyd Nosler the editor of The Temptress?
Which relative of ralf schumacher is a famous formula one racer?
List the awards won by the spouse of Harriet Andersson?
How many Thesaban towns are there?
List the judges of Rising Star which is also the artist of Brad Paisley discography ?
Who are the current members of Insects vs Robots?
Did Oliver Sacks study at the Columbia University?
How many other genere are there of the radio stations whose one of the genre is Classic rock ?
What is the alma mater of the author of Letter to a Christian Nation ?
name the races where bobby beasley took part ?
What is the content license of Darcs ?
Who was the narrator in the point?
How many items belong to the Science Fiction genre?
Which basketball team's president studied in the Brockport Golden Eagles?
Who is the developer of the software which serves the platform for King's Quest VI?
What magazine companies are of form Limited liability company?
Count the cities whihch are on the same sea as that of Miami ?
How many scientist became famous for the battle of Occupation of Japan?
Which owner of the national Herald india is the leader of Kumta ?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Southend-on-Sea and mouth place is Essex?
In how many countries does the Zurich Affoltern am Albis Zug line go?
Give me the count of all people who ascented a peak in California?
What people are known to work for Johnny Cash?
What is the official residence of the Helen Getachew which is also the palce of death of the Haile Selassie Gugsa ?
What rivers originate from Australian Alps?
What is the nationality of the J. T. Krogh which is also the sovereign state of the Camilla Martin
What's the religion of the winner of china election of 2008?
Name the saint whose major shrine is in Canada and was canonized by Pope Benedict XVI?
What is the television show whose sculptor is C. E. Webber and composed by Murray Gold?
What is the constituency of the people who died in Lampedusa?
Where else did the graduates of the university of west indies study?
In how many different places have people beatified by Pope Pius X died?
Which statesman is married to Dolley Madison?
What is the title of the Kakae and also the district of the Robert William Wilcox ?
How many groups have fought in wars where Richard Taylor fought too?
Is Halyna Kukhar the former coach of Stanislav Morozov?
Who directed the haunted house and alice in wonderland?
What is the origin of the musical artist whose associated band is Ziggi Recado ?
Count the sports played at universities located in Urban Areas?
Where the club of Kiki Cutter located?
Who penned Emma and Jane Austen in Manhatten?
Which wars were fought by the commander whose deputy was Robert T. Herres?
Is the Bucyrus MT6300AC assembled in north america?
What are all the religions in which Jacob and Abraham are important?
What is the game platform of Google Cloud Connect ?
Which city's mayor is married to Jean Marc Germain?
Name the company which provides Outlook.com as service and also has a product named Microsoft Azure ?
What is the common award won by geoffrey Rush and Laemmle Theatres ?
Who develops the computation platform of Microsoft Expression Encoder ?
To which persons is Ron Cyrus a relative?
In which country is the Chapelle Saint-Louis de Carthage located ?
Name the scientist who was awarded a position in Royal Society and has academic advisor as Franz Brentano?
In how many places can I find tombs of people who fought in the Norwalk Trainband?
Which nationality of Newin Chidchob is also the nationality of Ajahn Sao Kantaslo ?
Which movies' composers have won a BAFTA for film music?
Is Microsoft office written in C++
Was the altazor drawn by Picasso?
How many people used to play for Toronto Argonauts?
What is the allegiance of John Kotelawala ?
In how many languages did Marika Gombitova sing?
What is the common party of Chandra Shekhar and Govinda ?
What is the official residence of the Christopher Daz Figuero which is also the state of the Cruce a Nado Internacional
What are the track and field events of Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao?
How many different songwriters have had their songs recorded in London?
Which university of Alexandre Tichonov is the place of death of Valentin Muratov /
What are the common houses of US Congress and the Kansas Legislature?
Which administrative headquarters of the Pulau Ubin is also the resting place of the Nicole Lai
What is the common military branch of the Thomas Darden and that of Edwin F. Hunter
Which is the university of Vanderbilt Commodores ?
Which athlete was the flag bearer for Switzerland in 2004 and 2008 summer Olympics ?
Which fictional character's portrayer was edited by Roger Barton?
Which country does the current team of Darren McNamara belong to?
List some pupils of National Science Medal winning scientists?
Which is the common nation of Louisa Hill and American Football Wellington from?
Was robert sarvis a nominee of the US Senate?
Name the TV show which has judge as harry Connick and is broadcasted on Fox Broadcasting Company ?
What company brought Riddim Ribbon to the market, and developed the batch monitor?
Who is the successor of McDonnell Douglas ?
where did Boga originate?
What is the order of the Henry Clay and profession of the William Luther Hill?
Name the co-founder of the record labels which have one of the founder as Chris DuBois ?
Who is the builder of Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica and also location of Xianren Cave ?
what does the cahora bassa flow into?
What awards have been given to the anyone who raced in the Lawrence Realization Stakes?
How many home stadium are there, of the soccer club seasons whose chairman is Merritt Paulson?
Name the scientist whose academic advisor is Karl Ewald Hasse and supervisor is Georg Meissner?
Erik Jendresen is writer and Play tone is company of which TV show ?
Name the resting place of Charles Edward Magoon ?
Where is the residence of the governor of Bangkok ?
Who owns the newspaper which was founded by Nehru?
who all play for of the american football players at Quarterback position?
In which region was political figure Wayne Allard elected?
Which party of Rishang Keishing is the leader at Manendragarh ?
Where is Emmett Hughes from?
Name the district of Robert William Wilcox ?
Who is the author of Karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
Name the movies in which music is give by Laurie Johnson and edited by Anthony Harvey ?
What are some districts in the Tendring borough?
What are the television shows which are in NTSC and 5.1 surround sound?
Give me a count of bacterias which belongs to Bacilli class?
Name the city whose province is Metropolitan City of Venice and has leader as Luigi Brugnaro ?
In which sects was the aristocrat venerated, whose parent is Thelred the Unready?
Name the television show whose voice is given by April Stewart and it's distributor is Broadcast syndication?
What is the appliance build jointly by Sony and Asus?
What games are played at institutions affiliated with the international association of universities?
Whose units are responsible for close air support?
Which work of Craig van Tilbury is close to the area of The Chess Monthyl ?
Count the participants of the NBA.
How many politicians are in the US Senate?
How many players participated in the 2004-05 FC Barcelona season?
Count everyone who studied at an institute which are in Suburbs?
Which source of broad creek is the Audenried tunnel located ?
Count me the number of people whose military unit is involved with Close air support ?
Who were fighting the war where the QF Hotchkiss was used?
What awards have been given to the artists coming out of the university of Melbourne, faculty of VCA and MCM?
Which universities are alma mater to Charles Plosser?
Where was the Temptation Waits recorded?
Name the species of Panthera leo fossilis ?
What is the associated band of the musical artist who is the producer of The Trumpet Kings Meet Joe Turner ?
Name the driver who had a pole finish in 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix ?
what are some common surnames of female people?
Give me the total number of membership of the organisations which have memebers as Azerbaijan?
Who is the builder of the bridge owned by Tabriz ?
Which show's theme music was composed by Primus and voiced by Isaac Hayes?
Which city's governing body is led by Bruce Harrell?
What are the reason served by Toll Global Express which is also the country of LPGA ?
Give the total number of places to which airlines go, who also go to Glasgow?
Where does the rail route, which ends at the Moskovsky station, begins?
What are the television shows whose writers did notable work for Band of Brothers ?
Was 12th Field Artillery Regiment garrisoned at colorado?
Who is the common prime minster of William Deaner and mark Latham ?
What is the genre of the Band whose home town is County Westmeath?
What is the municipality of Patterson Houses ?
What is the successor of the governors whose child is Levi Lincoln, Jr.?
Was Gareth Southgate a manager of Middlesbrough F.C.?
In which city is the building, whose part is the Martin AN/FSG1 anti aircraft system?
Count the number of sports played by the universities whihc also plays Volleyball ?
In which religions are both Pope Gregory 1 and Edwin of northumbria reverred?
Which wine region of Bogdanua is the Croatian Inline hockey team part of ?
For which games are Sam Loyd and Eric Schiller both famous?
Count the number of religions followed by Janta Dal members.
Does Lousana lie at the end of Alberta Highway 42?
Which president of United States had vice president as John Adams?
Where are the tombs of kings and queens who have died in England?
Where was the successor of Hank Brown born?
Greek writers have won which award?
Give me a count of movies whose producer is Larry J. Franco?
Who authored the works published in the Jump Square Magazine?
Name the partners of Kelly Brook?
What is the TV Show whose theme is composed by someone signed up with Prawn Song Records?
Count everyone who lives in a place where Indian English is an official language ?
Count the total number of mammals whose phylum is Chordate and order (taxonomy) is Diprotodontia?
Where does Dennis DeConcini and Scott Berkun both live?
Where does John A Danaher III work?
What is the location town of First Church of Christ, Scientist (Pittsburgh) ?
Whose commanders are Colin Powell and Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
Where was MacKenzie Miller born?
Who is the person whose home town is Fairmount, Indiana?
What disease led to the demise of Letitia MacTavish Hargrave and Martino Martini ?
Is George Lucas the cinematographer of 6-18-67?
List the shows whose company's successor is Amblin Television.
Count the total number of battles fought by the military people which fought in Levant ?
List the graves of the royalities which have been buried at Beeleigh Abbey ?
In which country does the Auckland rugby union team play ?
Which genre of books does the writer of The Many Hands write?
Name the sports played by Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao?
Laozi has authored which books ?
Which person naratted The Incredible Hulk and also the writer of Tales of Suspense ?
What is the television show whose opening theme is Te Deum (Charpentier)?
What is the total number of participant in conflict of SFOR?
From how many different places have people gone to the Harward Medical School?
Name the river passing through Reading Berkshire and has mouth place at Essex ?
How many movies music composers are associated with Demis Roussos ?
Who all play for the Ivory Coast football team?
Which party has come in power at both Balangir and Amaravila in india?
What are some common games played in PATTS college of aeronautics and Jamiatu muslim mindanao?
List the total number of executive producer of TV show which have one of the executiive producer as Steven Moffat ?
What is the nation of the Major All Stars Season 1 and Pioneer Corporation ?
How many things belong to a division of plant kingdom?
Where is Semnani and Assyrian Neo-Aramaic spoken ?
Does Massimo Liverani play for Abarth?
What is the fictional character which has Clan McDuck and Ludwig Von Draken as relatives?
Name the appliance produced by Foxconn and its OS is provided by PlayStation 3 system software ?
Name the source Island of Bayou ?
Did Alexander Magleby study at the Dartmouth College?
Where was Thomy Bourdelle born?
Companies headquartered in Geneva own which TV Shows?
Who owns the schools which have a penguin as its mascot?
In which city is the sister station of WCSE-LP located ?
What is the total number of relgions followed by people born in Bangkok?
Twin cities 400 is operated by what city, which is the birthplace of Leona Baumgarter?
Where are the homestadiums of the seasons chaired by Merritt Paulson?
What is the products of the BBC Multimedia and series of the The Last Resort (Doctor Who)
What are the gadgets whose manufacturing company is founded by Terry Gou?
In which of the parties that have governed over Rishikesh, does Govinda belong too?
List softwares written in C++ and runs on Mac OS ?
What are the home stadiums of the things Leonid Fedun has been the chairman of?
For which team does hunter pence play for?
How many have former teams as Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
Of what all has David Ian Salter been an editor of?
Who owns Ivanpah Solar Power Facility?
Where are ethnic group located which speak Nebraskan?
Name the sharehoders of The National Herald ?
List some things that Swedish people have become famous for?
Which governing body of the Oahu Railway and Land Company is also the military branch of the Jimmy Quillen ?
How many things are made by companies who produce mass media articles?
Name the rivers who originate from Essex?
What is the place of death of the royalties one of whose parents was Adam Ludwik Czartoryski?
Name the fictional character whose voice's animator is Hardie Gramatky?
What actor starred in Splash and is married to Rita Wilson?
Is lion an animal?
Which players have represented Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim?
What are the movies whose distributor's headquarters is New York?
List the shows whose network is run by BBC.
What is the religion of the political party which is an international party of Hamas?
What are some games availible on nintendo's virtual console?
For which party's PM did Chidambaram Subramaniam serve?
Which bacteria's taxonomic class is Bacilli?
Who was the prime minister of Victor Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow and also the editor of British Gazette ?
Is the magnolia place of the greek revival architectural style?
Name the fictional character whose relative are Duck family and Clan McDuck?
List the movies whose cast member were born in Scotland.
Name the movies distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Ridley Scott ?
Which recognized title of Frank Thorne is also the product of Playboy Enterprise ?
Who is the publisher of the comic, one of whose authors is Kentaro Takekuma ?
What was the result of Operation Autumn Clouds ?
List the significant building of the architect who also designed Kiev?
Was George Washington on the rank of general?
What softwares were created by Apple Productivity Experience Group ?
Count the number of judges who've come on CTV network shows.
What are the shows whose creator has worked as a screenwriter?
Who is the person whose opponent's father is Newman Haynes Clanton?
What is the mountain whose parent mountain peak is Nevado de Toluca?
Which religions are practiced in India?
What is the Recorded of the Kaptaan is also the headquarters of the Orient News ?
Is Gaza Strip the result of Operation Autumn Clouds?
Name the office holder whose predecessor is Henry E. Catto, Jr. and successor is Adrian A. Basora?
?What are the airline hubs of Cascade Airways
Is the Frank R Lillie House has the Chicago architecture?
Grey gppse and eristoff is produced by which company?
Which politician's constituency is led by the SF Board of Supervisors?
Name the common musical band of Take Me There and Tonight's the Night ?
What are the county seats of the region which operates the Boeing Field?
What is the university whose campus are Indiana and Iowa?
To which political party does the writer of In the Bazaars of Hyderabad belong?
List the other members of the band of which Juelz Santana is a part?
Where did the 2015 MLS All-Star Game take place?
What is the style of architecture of Pontiac Building ?
Name some people working at someplace owned by News Corp.
Name the constituency of Jonas Gahr Stre ?
What is the mascot of military in Quezon city?
Name the directors of Lennon Legend: The Very Best of John Lennon (DVD) ?
Who was the president at the time when the opponent of Benjamin Spock held office?
For how many other teams have the members of Atlant Moscow Oblast played?
What are some products of the company whose parent is BBC?
Janaka Thissakuttiarachchi follows what religion, which once employed Atisa Srijnana too?
How many sports are played in maharashtran schools?
List the served region of the organisations of Trade association.
Whose famous works have been illustrated by E W Kemble?
Who is the owner of the South end ?
List down the commanders of Battle of Fort stephenson ?
Which cities of the American Mediterranean Sea has Nickname Entronque de Herradura?
What is the municipality of the Brown's Corners, Toronto and also the place of birth of the George Karrys
List the books whose authors are in Alcal de Henares.
Is Guatemala a unitary state?
what are some journals of academic Philosophy
By which member of parliament was Provisional Government of Saskatchewan led?
Did taylor swift do the theme song of The Farmer Wants a Wife?
Where does the Kentucky cycle take place?
Which drinks have emerged from the US?
What currencies have been prevalent in the country whose national anthem is La Marseillaise?
Name the college of Jon Curran ?
Where is Vietnam Airlines located ?
Who is the chancellor of the university which affiliates the Dartington College of Arts?
How many sitcoms are there whose theme music is composed by a New Yorker?
Comcast SportsNet is broadcasted in what area, which also has the Michigan Renaissance Festival?
List all the tenants of the stadium where the WWF Summer Slam 2004 took place.
Which writer of A streetcar Named Desire is also the author of The Catastrophe of Success ?
Which venue of indy PopCon is also the death palce of Louis Le Cocqq ?
What state was Cyrus Mann born in, and has the famous Downriver ?
Who is the appointer of William Cushing ?
Where is the origin of Filbert's Old Time Root Beer ?
Name the TV show with theme music by Primus and broadcasted on Comedy Central ?
Name the musical band of Written in the Stars ?
List down all the associcated musical artist of the artist of In a Word or 2 ?
Count the affiliations of International Union of Anarchists?
Hugh Hefner is editor of which magazine?
Which are the previous broadcast networks of sister channels of WGBC?
On which subjects does the author of the novel Thud! delve?
Is Lancy a city close to Geneva?
Which awards have been given to the horse who sired Triplicate ?
Who is the american football player whose highschool is Ringgold High School (Pennsylvania)?
Give me some organizations working for Environmentalism
List books authored by Miguel de Cervantes and published by Francisco de Robles ?
What territory of Sino French War was the battle of Raoul Magrin-Vernerey fought ?
Is Wahoo! the previous work of Honeybuns?
List the awards given to the race horses bred by Willis Sharpe Kilmer.
What is the constituency of the leader of Labour Party (Norway)?
List the tomb of the royalties whose burial place is Little Easton ?
The players born in Bellaire, Ohio have played for which team?
What games can be played in schools founded by Fr. Orlando?
What are the television shows whose voices is given by Mona Marshall?
Which TV show distributed by Warner Bros. has Christopher Franke as one of the artist ?
Where did the graduates of Memphis, Tenessee continue their education?
Is Frontaccounting licensed under GNU license?
Who is the employer of Ralph flanders ?
What is an airport inside ontario?
What sports are played by school which owns Fr. Agnel Stadium ?
Which things have been made by artists who died in Midhurst?
What is the Location of the Peetz Table Wind Energy Center which is also the state of Ben Nighthorse Campbell ?
What is the citizenship of the Sarah Kazemy and land of the Cervelle de canut
From which team did Marv McFadden played ?
What is the city whose mayor is Anne Hidalgo?
Name some dishes made with flowering plants.
Which nation's engineers have graduated in Poland?
What are some cities which have a Ferris wheel?
What is the draft team of Bob MacMillan ?
How many other home stadium are there of the soccer club whose home stadium is Luzhniki Stadium ?
Which author inspired Susanna Clarke, and wrote Northanger Abbey?
List the races of Fergie Sutherland?
Where is the assembly of Caterpillar 797 ?
In all the places with a stagecoach, where is a Peetz Table Wind Energy Center located too?
Which things are Breann McGregor known for ?
Who is the Pole driver of 1992 Canadian Grand Prix ?
List everything governed by the Democratic Party of US?
Sentinel High School team is known as ?
Of all the teams that Andrew Economos played for, which one did Jerrel Jackson play his first game for?
What are some software which are written in languages that are run on Unix like OS?
Name the movies writtten by the group Monty Python ?
Where did some of the matches take place where Columbus Crew SC played?
How many shows belong to the networks one of whose sister station is BBC News?
What are some shareholders of the bridge maintained by the Massachusetts department of transportation?
List the agencies located someplace lead by Alex Chalk.
Which creator of Theme Time Radio Hour has also given the musical score of the The Times They Are a-Changin' (musical)?
Alexander Magleby, a rugby player is alma mater to which university?
Through which cities do the rivers starting at the Montauk State Park flow?
People from how many political parties exist in Maharashtra?
Among the universities having Gyrfalcon as mascot which have Michelle D. Johnson as superintendent ?
Whose opponents are Ike Clanton and Billy Clanton?
Which moto of american Classical League is also the academic discipline of Probus ?
Who are the people whose alumna is a part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association?
To which religion does the commander of South Thailand insurgency belong?
What is the parent company of Edsel?
Give me a count of everything owned by the network whose sister name is The CW?
In which state does the valley bordering the Modoc plateau lie?
Name the common alma mater of the Henry Morton Dexter and Jack McGregor
Which famous writer was married to Jill Krementz and had a son named Edith Vonnegut ?
What did the people buried in Toronto die of?
Which are the races in which Martin Molony participated?
What is the main common interests of the Philip Novak and Timothy Morton?
Was Yabanc Damat first aired in UAE?
Name some basketball players who have played for chicago bulls?
list the organisation with motive for peace and environmentalism?
What is the company which has Raymond Conner and Dennis Muilenburg as key person?
What is the field of the Jon Speelman and occupation of the Karen Grigorian?
List the maintainers of Pandaruan Bridge?
Name the river with source country in Zambia and source region as North-Western Province, Zambia?
Who were the producers of the tenderfoot?
Which former team of Franois Beauchemin does the Nathan Dempsey played for ?
Is coffee a main ingredient of Hopje?
Who has Saint Joseph and Mary as parents ?
List the products of the company which published Tweenies: Game Time.
How many sitcoms were produced by the company whose predecessor was the Desilu Productions
Which engine's successor's predecessor is BMW M10?
Which person's successor is Samsu-iluna?
To which region does the Miluk language belong?
Under which president did the predecessor of Simon Ferro work?
In which municipalities does the NYC housing authority own buildings?
What are some team members of the team based in Camp Nou?
Was andy worhol the director of the san diego surf?
Name a person who was educated in Humes High School ?
Count the number of places where alumini of Edinburgh university have died?
Is Cologny a neighbouring city of Geneva?
List the awards won by the writer of Face to Face ?
Whose tomb is in cities under Dane County of Wisconsin?
Does the Sicklefin lemon shark belong in the animal kingdom?
What is the local authority of Liverpool Institute High School for Boys ?
What is the place of birth of the Kira Plastinina and Sergey Ryazansky
Which of the continents that Digitalb worked in, was christine rolfes born in?
Give me the places where people who worked in Church of England died in ?
What famous musicians play the remo?
What belongs to the families of Buccinidae and Buccinoidea?
List the television shows whose network's executive officer is Steve Burke.
List down all notable works of Neil Cross ?
What is the largest city of the country which have an assembly of Plymouth Savoy?
Does nintendo have a division called Nintendo Entertainment Planning & Development?
How many pole drivers have been there in grand prixes where first driver was Damon Hill?
In which city wasThe Triple Door (The Courage album) performed live?
Was the Model K designed by Herny Ford?
Which local authority of Buckhurst Hill County High School is the palce of burial of Elizabeth Rhuddlan ?
Is Queen Latifah the narrator of Arctic Tale?
What is manufactured by a company headed by Kazuo Hirai?
List the outflows of the lake whose one of the outflows is Benu river ?
List the major shrines of the saints whose one of the shrine is St. Takla Haymanot's Church ?
How many companies were founded in Dallas?
What are the mammals whose phylum is Chordate?
What is the denomination of S. H. Kapadia ?
Who created the Women in the Garden and also the L'Enfant a la tasse ?
Charles Willing Byrd was the governor under which politician?
Who is the maker of the engine of Ford F-Series first generation ?
Which state's largest city is Omaha?
In which wars has Steven Palazzo fought?
Who all have been judges on CTV Network's shows?
Which training center of William Anthony has also alumni named Philip W Pillsbury ?
Which rivers end in Old Saybrook, Connecticut?
List all the nicknames of the city which has Toru gingerbread as one of it ?
Which TV show's executive producer is Douglas Netter and composed by Stewart Copeland ?
Name the television show whose network is TNT (TV channel) and Prime Time Entertainment Network?
Where is the arena of WPC Dynamo Moscow situated?
Who was the writer of the novel Maniac Magee?
Name the founders of the record labels whose one of the founders is Frank Rogers ?
What are some movies whose distributer's CEO is Ted Hartley?
What are the television shows whose starting music is composed by Ron Grainer?
List the military branch of Henry Hyde ?
Who is the developer of Montecito Inn ?
How many artists' works are in Muse d'Orsay?
In how many different places does Canal and River Trust own its assets?
which planet was discovered by Urbain Le Verrier?
Where is the stadium of west Papus football team ?
Who are some authoritative persons on the matter of Megabalanus concinnus?
Who is the father of Barbara Ann Crancer?
Whose music composer is signed up with Sony Music Entertainment?
What are some given names for males?
Which famous person is born in Marlboro Township, New Jersey?
Name the parent company of Ford Falcon Cobra ?
Saores de costa built a bridge over which river?
Where is the radio broadcasted in, whose sister station is CKFM-FM?
Does A foreign policy of freedom belong to the genre Politics?
Chestnut colored horses have won which races?
For which common president did Jim Sasser and Mike McCurry work?
Of how many battles is Chickasaw Campaign of 1736 consisted?
Jerry Bock's musicals has been adapted from how many things?
In what group Joe Jonas and Kevin Jonas were previously involved?
What is the birth place of the children of Miguel Garca Granados ?
Titus software publishes which genre of games?
Who are the spouse of the parents of Kimberly Stewart?
What academic discipline of the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism is also the record label of the Double Diamond (album)?
Where were Micheal Santos and Wendy Jaquet born?
Count the number of fileds of the scientist whose one of the interest is Chinese poetry ?
What are the houses of Parliament Security Services ?
Who is the governor of Carl McCall ?
What is the nickname of the city where Tuba Dei lives?
What borders the valley which falls under Lake County, Oregon?
Name the television show created by CE Webber and also has actor named Companion?
Which company founded in New Mexico manufactures Visual Studio ?
List the mascot of the universities which are a part of National Collegiate Athletic Association.
Which developer of Go was also the predecssor of X compnay ?
What sports are played at universities affiliated by States Colleges and Universities athletic association?
Which team has had both Martin prochzka and garry unger as its players ?
What is that river whose source gets water from the Shannon cave?
What is the official residence of Fergus McMaster ?
Which university has chancellor as Nicholas S. Zeppos?
What is the total number of builder of the military structures whose builder is also United States?
From what countries have people participated in the Excelsior Stakes?
List the associated musical artist of the current members of Al Bano and Romina Power?
List some people who were opponents of someone who was died by hanging?
What team does John McGeever play for, which also employed Ben Dreith at some time?
Name the company which produces Marionette and has key person as Edwin catmull ?
What is the total number of guests on the show whose theme music is Let me be your star?
Name the home town of Rolando Gomez ?
Was Noko a band member of Luxuria?
In which cities can i find drinks similar to the IBC root beer?
Name some basketball players whose team is coached by Fred Hoiberg?
Who all have developed softwares for Unix Like OSes?
Who is the prime minister that Michael Jeffery served?
What are the movies whose music is composed by Vangelis?
Was Walt Disney the cinematographer of Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
Who is the operator of Rainbow Warrior (1955) ?
To which sports team is Aubie the mascot?
Which series are Lennier and Londo Mollari both from?
Who acted in the movies whose music is composed by Walter Scharf?
Graduates of Somerville College have been in how many political parties?
What are some primates?
Count the number of battles fought by the military person involved in Morocco ?
How many companies were founded in Denton, texas?
Count the different causes of death of Christians.
List all the teams which have someone who played their first game for the Yankees?
Who is the office holder whose deputy was Andrew Peacock and predecessor was Alexander Downer?
Who was the editor of the newspaper owned by the the UK government?
Name the TV show whose cast member is Companion (Doctor Who) and is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures?
List all the collaborators of the artist which has collaborated with sanremo Music Festival ?
Where did the plays written by Robert Schenkkan take place?
In which sects were the aristocrats included, who were buried in Westminister abbey?
Which baseball team is owned by Robert Nutting?
Which sports are played typically in private schools?
Name the people whose residence is Beverly Hills, California?
Was Marie Curie a doctoral student of Henri Becquerel?
List the television shows whose network's sister names is N-tv.
What are some other services of the company whose service is Onedrive?
Where does the railway tracks start, which ends in Kazan?
Give me a count of all ice hockey players whose teams are headcoached by John Tortorella?
What are some important people in NGOs headed by Donna Shalala?
Name all the venues of the convention which has also been hosted in San Diego Convention ?
Where is the county seat of King County, Washington?
How many relatives are there of the people who died in Germany?
What is the river whose mouth locations are Arctic Ocean and Laptev Sea?
Was Lucrezia Tornabuoni the mother of Lorenzo de' Medici?
What band had Nick Jonas and Kevin Jonas as former members ?
What is the combatant of the Northwest Indian War and also the ethnic group of the Linda Hogan
Give me the characters who last appeared in Star Wars Episode 3
List of people who were the first one to ascend a mountain in the Cathedral range?
What is the city nearest to the islands in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands?
Employees of Ottawa Citizen have come from which towns?
Name the movie with narrator as Trevor Peacock and music composer as Christophe Beck?
How many movies did Stanley Kubrick direct?
Name the televesion show which has artist named Christopher Franke ?
Where are the philosophers from, whose main work is on the matter of feminism in Canada?
In how many different places can I fnd Modern Architectural buildings?
Who is the President of the United World College of Costa Rica and United World Colleges ?
Which movie produced by Michael Deeley was distributed by Warner Bros ?
What are some musicians who have worked with Dean Ambrose?
Who has had been the tenant of the stadium built by PCL construction firm?
For which team did Cam Plante and Doug Acomb both play atleast once?
What is the type of Vesak ?
Which military personnel belong to the branch of Continental Army?
Where did the president study, whose VP was Emilio Nez?
What is the title of the successor of Kaulahea I ?
In how many different places were the people born who are members of National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame?
Which military commander fought his battle at Fort Gadsen?
Did Phillippe Cabot go to Columbia for studying?
Which rivers start at the Brower's Spring?
For which reasons have the ones born in Edinburgh, died?
What games are played in Protestant schools?
Which religion is followed by people in the family of Meadow Sopranos?
List the notable works of the writer of The Tony Randall Show ?
Which software uses windows as it's operating system and is written in C++ ?
Which draft team od Dale Mitchell is also the tenant of Master Card center /
What prizes have been awarded to the relatives of Linn Ullmann?
Who is the scientist whose academic advisor was Karl Ewald Hasse?
Paris Sisters singles are of which language?
List the other nicknames of city which has one of the nickname as City of Angels ?
Which models were featured in Playboy Playmates 1954?
Where is the sister station of Al Arabiya 99 located?
Count the awards received by the ones who fought the battle of france?
What is the baseball team whose club manager is Chip Hale?
Which cities are located around the sea into which the ionian flows?
By what person of which political party is Balangir district led?
What team were the people drafted to, which are in the National Hockey League?
What is the owner of Ivanpah Solar Power Facility and the original developer of Dart?
Who all are buried in Arlington national cementary?
Where did Jerry Tagge do his elementary schooling?
who manufactures the SHO V8?
Which source of Water resources management in El Salvador is also the nation of the Sierra del Merendn?
Name the movie which has music composed by Elliot Goldenthal and screenplay by Akiva Goldsman ?
Which shows had their painters born in England?
What awards are won by the screenwriter of Lucky You?
What is the former team of the american football players whose position is Running back?
Which political party got elected in First Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh ?
In which areas can we find the networks owned by the govt of Mauritius?
Which current players once played for Toronto argonauts?
Which company builds Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Surface?
Which contnet license provider of Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the game platform of Google Clud Connect ?
Did Stan Lee create the Iceman comics?
What are the movies whose director's daughter is Luke Scott?
Whihc party of the Mizoram Legislative Assembly is the government type of kumta ?
Who has rented the stadiums owned by Toronto?
Who won a Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Who is the mfr. of the engine used in Ford Transit ?
What is the birthplace of the Ferrel Harris which is also resting palce of Green Wix Unthank?
What currencies are circulated in the countries where people speak French?
Which division of Serbia national team is also the region of Dobinsk Ice Cave ?
Name the common current team of the Shaun Thong and Kaannder ?
What is the television show which has cast member as Jason Carter and network is TNT (TV channel)?
Who hold stocks in the bank which is located at 731 Lexington Avenue?
Who rented the stadium where the UFC 152 take place?
Which company's cars are assembled in Iran?
Under which president was timothy l. woodruff a lieutenant?
Which first driver of European Grand Prix 1993 is also finished first in 1985 Portuguese Grand Prix ?
What place is the birthplace of Vijay Chavan where Eka Lagnachi Teesri Goshta is located as well?
In which fields are both Paul Demiville and Sylvain levi experts?
Ernest Rutherford was the advisor of how many people?
Which birthplace of Liliya Lobanova is also the location of the Snake Island ?
Where were some people associated with Steve Winwood employed at?
What is the nationality of Aishath Saffa ?
Who were involved in the wars where Jonathan Haskell battled?
Does the river shannon originate from Dowra?
What is the currency of Kerguelen Islands ?
Does Jevan Snead play as Quarterback?
In how many nations is Coconut a common food ingredient?
Name the show whose jury consist of Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson?
Is tahiti in the Society Islands achipelago?
How many games have been composed by Hirokazu Tanaka?
Where did the fashion designer study who died at the Stony Brook University Hospital?
Name few television shows's anchored by Ryan Seacrest?
Was Queen Latifah in the U.N.I.T.Y. group?
Give me some shows related to the ones created by Russell Davies
List the total number of regions of the building whose are located in\Grand Forks Air Force Base?
Where is the headquarters of the company which runs the Metro Blue Line in minnesota?
Which office holder owes its allegiance to a state whose capital town is Jamestown, Virginia?
Which religion's people are member of BJP?
Count the different alma maters of people employed by the CNN
How many dishes are made with an ingredient belonging to the flowering plant species?
What is the common governing body of the Naval Air Facility Adak and Oahu Railway and Land Company?
Whose band members are known to play a PRS guitar?
Was the Funky Lab Rat released in North America?
Which nation is the origin of Dornier Aerodyne ?
Where is the rival school of Somerset Berkeley Regional High school?
Which is the city closest to both the Lodaiska site and the home of David w brown?
What is the state of the settlement, which is the sub assembly of Mohamedia, Tunisia ?
Name the television show whose company is HBO and Playtone?
Whose leaders are Willem-Alexander and Fredis Refunjol?
What television show are distributed by Broadcast syndication?
Who is the common parent of Gettv and hypnotize mind ?
Name the mascot of Austin College ?
What is the birth city of trainer of Leallah?
Name the person with opponents Ike Clanton and Tom McLaury?
What are the airlines whose hub airport is operated by the Los Angeles World Airports?
What is used as money for French Southern and Antarctic Lands is also the product of the Karafarin Bank ?
Which office holder's resting place is in Palo Alto, California and was succeeded by Adrian A. Basora ?
Name the companies which are in cities under Denzil Minnan Wong?
Which city was founded by George Washington and John Forbes (British Army officer)?
List the country of Tokaj wine region ?
Who are the golf players whose college is Arizona State Sun Devils?
Where is the successor of john waldo from?
Which home town of Cline Buckens is the place of Death of Richard heron ?
Name some cars similar to the ones which are assembled at the Jefferson North Assembly?
Which awards are presented by the committee located in Stockholm?
Which school did Robbie Diack attend?
Who is the film star of On Air with Ryan Seacrest ?
List everything in which saxophone players have been casted.
Who wrote Catch My soul ?
Who is the builder of Atamurat-Kerkichi Bridge ?
How many bands collaborated with artists who signed up with EMI?
Where did the president study, who's the president of Besiktas JK?
To which destinations does Air 2000 fly?
In which places can we find the people won the Project Runaway Canada?
How many factions were fighting in the wars where Blue Jacket was a commander?
Did Stan Lee write the Daredevils?
How many record labels publish works of Jazz fusion?
Where was the person born whose successor was Le Hong Phong?
To what region is Sukhumbhand Paribatra, a leader?
Where was Picasso's Last Words recorded ?
What is the largest city of the birthplace of Pat Kirkwood?
For how many movies have the music composer composed music, who have collaborated with Yes ?
What is the largest city of Pulau Ubin ?
What is the former team of the Athens borned basketball players ?
Which key perosn of the Elders is also the president of united World College ?
What is the total number of other nearest countries to the lakes whose nearest countries is Uganda?
Name the television show directed by Simon Fuller and judged by Jennifier Lopez ?
Give me some shows owned by BBC one and BBC hd?
Name the shows whose theme was composed by a band in which Jay Lane used to be?
Where do the rivers from greater London flow into?
List out the people who are related to the relatives of Jared Kushner ?
Was Buzz Williams the headcoach of the Marquette Golden Eagles mens team?
How many units follow the US Navy Department's command structure?
Under which US president was a politician in opposition of John G Schmitz?
Whcih creator of Theme Time Radio Hour also created subsequent work of Moondoc Matinee ?
Which education institute of Duncan U. Fletcher is also the university of Vanderbilt Commodores ?
Which license provider of MSX basic is also the designer of Language Integrated Query ?
Who was the United States president who also served as a governor of Indiana Territory?
Who built the Ford Y-block engine ?
What are the awards received by spouse of Ellen Lundstrom?
Is Plymouth High School for Girls in Devon county?
In which city is the hub airport of Club One Air?
List the first drivers of Grand Prixes where Mika Hakkinen was a pole driver.
Who produced the Pixar Image Computer?
Name the royalty whose daughter was Cleopatra V and was married to Ptolemy XIV of Egypt?
What are some islands in the bahamas?
Was mother teresa beatified by John Paul the second?
Who is the designer of Saleen S5S Raptor ?
Name some TV shows whose theme is made by a band associated with Buckethead?
How many different people hold authority over the members of Balanidae family?
Which fields' academic journals are found in the US?
Which municipality is neighbored by Cologny and Chne-Bougeries?
Which basketball team's coach is Kurt Rambis?
How many other region served are there of the companies which serves Pacific Ocean ?
Which common prime minister did Graham Richardson and Bon McMullan serve ?
Name the alma mater of Ernest de Saisset ?
Where does the Giannis Alafouzos originate?
Whose constituency is Duboce Triangle ?
Name the office holder with predecessor as Mark Latham and partner Tim Mathieson ?
What are some party leaders of the parties which have had a seat in Berlin?
What awards have been given to Screenwriters?
What is the location city of the Denver Broncos which is also place of birth of the William C. Cramer ?
What companies are located in toronto?
Which video game's artist is Hiroji Kiyotake and computing platform is Virtual Console?
What is the city of the Maine School of Science and Mathematics is also the resting place of Charles A. Boutelle ?
Which Harris County based company is a subsidiary of Tandem Computers?
List the characters of Lysistrata ?
Where is the office of P Elmo Futrell Jr?
Which spouse of Ptolemy XIV had a mother named Ptolemy XII auletes ?
What is the baseball team whose club manager's debut team is Houston Astros?
List the producer of the television shows distributed by FremantleMedia.
What stadium's operator is Stan Kroenke
How many corporations were founded in Texas?
List all binomial authority of the insects whose one of the binomial authority is douard Mntries?
In which state is Red Willow Creek?
Where does Manu cornet work?
Name the resting place of Fazlur Rahman Khan ?
List some teams for which someone who has played as a defender, now plays?
In which place is the company which is known for Barbara bestor located ?
Count all the places where companies located in Ontario operate.
What is the famous relative of Mrunalini Kunte known for?
What is the resting place of the person who is the successor of James W. Hyatt ?
What politician's partner is Diana Taylor ?
Who was the architect of the stadium currently run by Brandenton?
What is the district of Methodist Central Hall Westminster ?
What is the academic journal whose editor is Stephen Law?
Does Jean Louis Arcand work for Geneva?
How many religions are followed amongst the people who've worked in the Korean army?
List the people died in Hyderabad and are a member of political party ?
What kind of buildings were designed by Pyusawhti?
Is Esther Alder the mayor of Geneva?
What are the baseball players who played for San Francisco Giants?
Which architect of Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay was also tenant of New Sanno hotel /'
Which ship builder built the USS Camp and Sturtevant ?
Where does the Jerusalem Institute of Justice render their services?
What are some movies whose score is composed by relatives of Bodhi Elfman?
Which political party got elected in First Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh ?
How many companies were founded in Menlo Park, California?
What is the television show whose channel's parent organisation is Fox Sports?
Which bands are associated to David Paton?
Who wrote a streetcar named desire?
What sports can be played at universities in Metro Manila?
Where does Kafue and Shire river flow into?
Which US state gave us Brian Deegan and Harold Lyold?
Who is the president when Loretta Ucelli used to work for Democratic party?
was Charlemagne canonized by antipope pachal 3?
What are the players whose former teams are Carolina Panthers and Indianapolis Colts?
Is Akan spoken in Ghana?
How many basketball players studied in the Midland College?
Rickenbacker is a musical instrument played by which artists?
Deion sanders and Hinkey haines debuted their career with which common team?
Is Liang Chow the headcoach of Shawn Johnson?
List the work institute of the medicians who has also worked at University of Miami ?
What ethinicity of Linda Hogan is also the state of origin of Holmes Colbert ?
In which television shows has Eliza Schneider given her voice?
Where are jockeys in Dubai World Cup from?
From which country is Lawrence Okoye's nationality ?
Which american football players currently plays for Michigan Wolverines?
What is the location of the Walter Evans Edge office which is also the place of birth of henry Miller ?
What is the base currency of Benelux ?
What other destinations do airlines go to, whose flights also come to Glasgow?
List down the common sports played by PATTS College of Aeronautics and lytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig ?
Where did Steve Romeo dies ?
Of the sports commonly played at Islamic Azad Uni, tehran, which one does Jon Speelman play?
What is the government type of Ancient Rome ?
Who are the animator of The Skeleton Dance?
What is the birth location of the pope who was canonized by Agatha of Sicily?
Who have become famous by movies produced by Laurence Mark?
What is the common country of Ganz UV and Balaton wine region ?
What organization is the parent of Greenpeace Nordic?
Give me some softwares which run on mac os
Which destination of the Novair International Airways is also the predecessor of the Chevrolet Caprice?
What are some scientists who have stateless citizenship?
List the doctoral students of Harry Harlow ?
Panthera leo fossils and Liger belong to which species?
which awards have been given to people who fought in the Battle of France?
How many people have been trained in an institute located in California?
Which composer subsequent work of Moondog Matinee and also composed The TImes They are A changin ?
Name whose youth club was FC Barcelona ?
Which religion does the leader of Church and Wellesley follow?
What is the citizenship of Erastus Wiman ?
Does the Amazon River start in Arequipa Region?
Which is the nearest city to Elliott Bay ?
What magazine is Marritt Cabal known for which has Lucifer Hammer as publisher ?
What are the movies whose screenplay is done by Eric Roth?
List the movie whose music was given by Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by Cinema International Corporation?
Which series has an episode called The lost special and also a character named Sherlock Holmes ?
Which football teams is Shahid Khan proprietor to?
What cities are near to Nihoa which is also known as Bird Island ?
Which football players currently have their contracts with Stoke City F.C.?
How many cities are around the sea in which the the fig tree bay meets?
What are all the prizes won by the writer of A Grand Day Out?
Count the number of families of the Animal kingdom.
Which magazine has publisher as Jann Wenner?
Where are Thomas Franois Burgers and Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom buried?
where are renaissance centers located?
What are the broadcast areas of Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation?
Where is the ground of the soccer club, which has Alan Kusov as a team member ?
which president was served by Joseph Stiglitz?
What is the nickname of the club managed by Piotr baron?
Give the name of the river with source place as Australian Alps and has mouth place as Goolwa , a place in Siyuth Australia ?
Did Trish Stratus train Christina Crawford?
Who is the writer of the Cavalcade of America and The United States Steel Hour ?
To what nation do Victor Gunasekara and Anuruddha Ratwatte owe their allegiance?
Which artists have co-starred with Kris Kristofferson?
Count the total religions followed by the ones living in England.
Which club of Michael Springer is also the parent organization of Syracuse University press ?
Name the cover artist of the adventure of Tom sawyer ?
Which river flows through both eastern and western washington?
What is the nationality of the golf player who won the 2002 Players Championship ?
Who was the president under which people won the United States House of Representatives elections in 1790 ?
Which companies are founded in the city of which Collin County Texas is a part?
Terminal Station at Chattanooga is made by architects from which University?
Which home stadium of 2011-12 FC Spartak Moscow season is also the location of birth of the Svetlana Gounkina ?
Who is the former partner of Chris Knierim ?
What is the predecessor of BMW M40 ?
How many different pole drivers are there, of the GPs when Renault was the first team?
What is the former team of the football player who is the coach of 2006 Oakland Raiders season ?
Amongst the winner of Lovelace medal, who has John Robert as doctoral supervisor ?
who was the australian flagbearer of 2008 Summer Olympics?
Whose mam is Bertrada of Laon?
List the leaders of all the cities through which the Ganga river flows ?
What is the common citizenship between JSM Hopoer and Robert Valentine ?
Who is the partner of Rob Patterson?
What are all the TV shows which are related to the ones produced by Julie Gardner?
Name the parent company of Ford Air Transport Service ?
Which football teams are in a city where Oakland Athletics were the tenants?
How many people have worked in the band one of whose current member is Hynief?
What is the residence of the bronze medalist of Alpine skiing at the women's downhill competition at the 1972 Winter Olympics?
Does Mt St. Peter Churt follow the architectural style of art deco?
Which companies published Super Mario Adventures?
King crimson has been recorded in which places?
Is william doyle the chairman of Georgetown university?
who developed google videos?
Count me all the video game distributor whose parent company is Warner Bros ?
Was Elizabeth Ann Seton canonized by Pope Paul VI?
Is Sao Paulo the largest city of Brazil?
Does Ford own the Ford Kansas Assembly plant?
What are the nicknames of the schools whose color is royal blue?
Was David Gilmour a former member of Pink Floyd?
Name the office holder who has a child named lori Black and Harvard Westlake school as one of the educational institute ?
Which ppolitical party of Yashpal Kapur is also the owner of National Herald ?
Name the sstadium of 2015 Pro Duta FC season ?
What is the region served by Toll Global Express and also borders Siberia ?
Where is the tombstone of the congressman who died in the McLean hospital?
Which writer is famous for works written by Neil Gaiman?
What awards have been given to citizens of the Ottoman Empire?
Where did the athlete start his career, who did his highschool in Red Lion Area School District?
Who are the shareholder of the broadcast networks whose owning company is Jamie Kellner?
List the state of the universities whose nation is United States ?
Which destination of Emerald Air is also the city served by houston Fort Bend Airport ?
What faith of Buddhist Tai Hung College is also the acadmeic interest of Paul Demiville ?
What are the software whose operating systems are Mac OS and Microsoft Windows?
Does the Utah State Route 162 end at Colorado?
List the debut team of the baseball player who born in Houston.
Is jim harbaugh currently in the Michigan Wolverines?
How many awards have been received by graduates of University of Melbourne, Faculty of VCA & MCM?
To which books Thomas Egerton, an editor?
List the people with final resting place as Plymouth, Vermont and has Samuel W. McCall as predecessor?
Was christina crawford trained by Booker T?
In how many places has Garbage recorded their songs?
What award was won by executive producer of Shaun the Sheep?
Name the current club of Abdelhameed Amarri ?
Whose songs are Tickle Me and Viva Las Vegas?
Among the scientist known for Manhattan Project who had a doctoral student named Charles Ellis ?
Which education center Sidney Catlin Partrodge attended which was also the alma mater of Lisa Brummel ?
Which club of perianne Lones is also the home town of the Kady O'Malley ?
Which countries share a similar sociocultural and ethnic heritage of that of Native Indonesians?
What is the television show whose opening theme's album is Cheers?
Which driver had the pole position in 1994 Spanish Grand Prix ?
What are some organizations in Auckland created to do?
Where are the agencies headquartered at, which are under the Colorado Dept of Natural Resources?
Who is the producer of album, which has the song Eclipse ?
How many different religions have economists followed?
What is the automobile platform of Chiva bus ?
What borders siberia?
In which city where there is a headquarters of Orient News and also Feras Saied died?
List the producers who produced movies starring Michael Jackson.
In which department does Raymond Baldwin work?
What teams did the ex teamplayers of lighthouse boy club start their career with?
Jeff Munn is the president of which basketball team ?
What is the city of the 2015 MLS All-Star Game and birthplace of the The Okee Dokee Brothers
How many had their debut team coached by Chip Kelly?
Which producer of Purvis Eureka engine is also the owner of Ford Theatre ?
Did John Byrne create Emma Frost?
Among the companies who has product named Chinook who has a key person as Dennis Muilenburg ?
Name the champion of National League ?
Who gave guest appearances on the show which is the next episode after the Bombshell one?
Miluk and Cayuse are still spoken in which part of the world?
What is the device whose successor's CPU is by AMD?
With whom is the institution of David Charles affiliated?
Which battle did both Steven Palazao and tony hogg fight in?
Name the TV show whose producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and company is HBO ?
What are the movies whose musicians's home town is Volos?
Name the fictional character whose relatives are Huey, Dewey, and Louie and is of species American Pekin duck?
List the school of Bobby Skinstad?
Who was the coach of marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team-2012,13 season ?
Who authored the work illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei?
What made Jon Speelman and Eric Schiller famous?
In which wars army men awarded with the Croix de Guerre, fought?
Which manufacturer of the Boeing B-17 Flying fortress is the manager of burro Flats Painted Caves ?
List the saints venerated in Islam having major shrine as Tomb of Joshua ?
How many people currently play for Stoke City F.C.?
In how many different places can I find companies which were founded in toronto?
How many organizations own the website to which Jimmy Wales contributes?
List the former team of the american football players born in Pennsylvania ?
Through how many cities does the river flowing into Arkansas go?
Which fictional character's relatives were made by Ted Osborne?
List the relatives of the children of Jon Voight ?
who are the managers of england national under 20 football team?
Which designer of RENFE also owns Renaissance Center ?
Did Jim Kiick do his highschool in New Jersey?
What shows are on the networks which are from the United States?
Who have rented the stadium operated by Maple Leaf S&E?
Was the song The Boy is Mine recorded in Atlanta?
Where is Snake Island located ?
How many things do bridges designed by the UEM group go over?
Who is the fictional character who portrayed in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
Name the river which flows through the closest city of Mount Raimer ?
Who composed songs in the Mr Tambourine Man album?
What are the relatives of the parliament member whose successor is Peter Thorneycroft?
Which movies' music is composed by people associated with the band Yes?
What is the death place of the Marina Pankova and Viktor Ulyanich?
Which american football player's current team is Michigan Wolverines and former team was Baltimore Ravens ?
What famous work is derived from the one whose lyrics are written by Inma Gonzales?
How many services are there of the companies whose services is Web hosting service ?
In which region is the rival school of Somerset, Massachusetts located?
What is the ethnicity of Linda Hogan ?
What are the veneration of the one for which there's a major shrine in Hebron?
By which university is the literary magazine named Stone Canoe published?
Who is the relative of Jim Farley (businessman) ?
How many politicians are in the militia?
Name the rivers whose source country's capital is Lusaka?
What is the source country of Water resources managemnt in EL Salvador is also the land of Jos MAra Orellana ?
From where is Quinn Ojinnaka billed?
What are the movies produced by Michael Deeley?
Some movies whose screenplay is done by american born people?
Who is the narrator of The Price of Beauty ?
Which colonel consort is Dolley Madison?
What is the area of the Tar Heel Sports Network which is official residence of the Michael Nichols (photographer) ?
Which company ownes stock in Dagenham turbines and Ford Motor credit?
Who are the writers of South Park: The Stick of Truth?
Enumerate all those who are in the Board of companies founded in New York?
Name the television show developed by J. Michael Straczynski and distributed by Warner Bros. Television?
Who did Bruce Bochy play for ?
Was Michael Schumacher a pole driver in the 1999 GP?
How many universities participate in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision?
Who directed the albums recorded in Anaheim?
List few Swedish language movies ?
What is the home town of the band which is the artist of Your Ice Cream's Dirty ?
Which writer of the Snaman is also the writer of Neverwher ?
How many religion's people have died in Malaysia?
How many people have managed a club which owns the Riverside Stadium?
Which river's source mountain is Baikal Mountains and it's mouth is Lena Delta Wildlife Reserve?
Name the person whose daughter is Rohan Marley and also another children named Sharon Marley ?
Name the members of European Go Federation?
What is the state of origin of the person who is the successor of Tetsugen Bernard Glassman?
How many other wine region are there of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Michigan ?
Where was WiZeefa founded ?
To which families does the Koolakamba belong ?
What Orson Welles directed movie has photography director as Gregg Toland ?
Which publisher of Lucifer's hammer is also known for Jo Garcia ?
List the driver of SA MArino Grand Prix is also the Pole driver of Canadian Grand Proix ?
How many awards have screenwriters won?
What is the local authority of the Buckhurst Hill County High School is also the birth palce of Sarah hampion ?
Which place founded by Penobscot Island Air is also the location fo Ellei Johndro ?
List the countries through which European rout E39 and E8 passes ?
How many people work at the FBI?
Name the hockey team whose head coach is Alain Vigneault?
In which state is Dorchester Bay (Boston Harbor) ?
To which political party do the children of Sonia Gandhi belong?
Which religion followers are the members of Janata Dal?
Count the nearest city to the historic palce whose one of the nearest city is Wisconsin ?
What is the airline company has its headquarters in Dublin Airport?
What are the teams for which Wilfred McDonald played for?
What are some orthonychidae birds?
List the music played in television episode which came after The Colonel (The Americans) ?
Is Dave Schulz a band member of Berlin?
Does MSX BASIC have a license of microsoft?
List the subsequent work of the albums whose one of the subsequent work is Planet Waves?
In which mountain Inyo National Forest and California are located?
where did Alfred Tarnowski die?
What are some licensees of the stations playing in Nashville, Tennessee?
Was the Incredibles released before Finding Nemo?
List the American MEditerranean Sea city is also the place of death of Laszlo Bellak ?
Which river originates from Cape Vincent and Kingston, Ontario?
Which professional fighter, who is also a politician and was elected to House of Representatives of the Philippines?
Isaac Hayes has acted in which movies ?
How many thesis were supervised by Ernest Rutherford?
What is the television show whose related with Doctor Who Confidential?
Name all those buried in a place governed by a city council.
What are the last two studio albums of Moondog Matinee ?
How many people currently play for the NYC FC?
List the battles fought by Roh Tae-woo ?
Is Gutenberg neighbouring with Madiswil?
Which educational institution has Kaplan, Inc as it's affiliation?
Whose wife is a presenter at WWE?
Over what do Concor holdings have a bridge?
What is the parent company of company which owns Sony Bank?
What is the total number of writers whose singles are recorded in Miami?
Daniel L D Granger and Job Durfee have based their political career in which US state?
What is the common nationality of Viveka Babajee anad Ronny Vencatachellum ?
What is the city nearest to the historic place whose architect is Joseph Dion?
Who are the employer of Don R. Berlin?
How many different mascots are there of the NCAA teams?
Where do the stockholders of Pathaninaikos F.C. live?
Name the office holder whose constituency is Haight-Ashbury?
What is the common ideology followed by Katyayana and Palang Dharma Party ?
What is the river whose tributary is Zarqa River?
How many home stadiums are there of the seasons whose chairman in Merritt Paulson?
Where can I find some buildings of modern architecture?
Name the team Ramiro Pea played for, which was also the first team of Steve Ontiveros?
Give me the count of all the names of characters created by Frank Miller
list the founders of Bream Bay ?
Give me a count of bridges located in California ?
List the companies operating in Australia?
What all are in the states whose anthem is Ja, vi esker dette landet?
Name the country whose leader's deputy is Piotr Glinski?
Which country are the players of the Atletico Petroleos de Luanda from?
Who owns the ford kansas assembly plant?
Which saints were the messengers of Islam?
Companies founded in Taiwan have typically which divisions?
What do the relatives of James Hartness do?
What is the debut team of ngel Escobar ?
What is the hub airport of Pawan Hans, and is also the largest city of India?
Where was the predecessor of Sevan Ross born?
Which company produced the car which was a new version of Daewoo's Tico?
Who built the stadiums where 2014 FIFA under 17 woman's world cup took place?
Name the source of Raa ?
In which countries does the sea lie on whose shore is the city of Cumana?
What is the mascot of Galatasaray Handball Team ?
Was Nick Jonas a member of the Jonas Brothers?
For which teams did the Hawai graduated players play their first game?
Who represent the constituencies of Noe Valley and Duboce Triangle ?
Movie's produced by Michael Deeley has Jordan Cronenweth as director of photography
Which key person of maryland jockey club is the appointer of Joseph Clay ?
Which cities have the river one of whose Tributary is the Missouri's big spring?
Who has written works found in the Gangan comics?
What is the currency of Republic of Montenegro (1992-2006) ?
Who has given guest appearances on the TV Episodes whose was music done by Mama Makes 3?
Which band was left by Kevin Jonas?
List all the presidents of the school which had atleast one of the president as Queen Noor of Jordan ?
In which countries have the Start + Flug aircrafts originated?
return some players who have played in the NBA?
Name the nearest city to Tennie and Laura ?
Name the home Stadium of Kenya national under-20 football team ?
How many have been venerateds in Islam and Judaism?
What is the resting place of the politician who succeeded Samuel Hayes?
Is Amharic the official language of Ethiopia?
Name the river whose mouth country is Mozambique and source region is North-Western Province, Zambia?
List the people who influenced the comedian who acted in Good Hair ?
Which religion did both anupong paochinda and udit raj follow?
What is the source country of reg Lake ?
Where did the wrestler trained by Ring of Honour get billed?
What is the television show whose cast members are Jeff Conaway and Jason Carter?
Who founded the city where Pat Vincent die?
The successor of Ellsworth Bunker belongs to which religion?
Is God Save the Queen the national anthem of United Kingdom?
GetTV is owned by which organisation?
In which wars were people from the Saudi Arabian ministry of defense involved?
Name the commanders of military conflicts where Roundhead was one of the commander ?
Was saddam hussein at the rank of Mushir ever?
Which mountain is located in inyo National Forest and has a parent peak named Nevado de Toluca ?
Whihc state of Timothy J. Roemer is also the location city of Dad's Root Beer ?
How many factions were involved in the battles fought by Arthur St. Clair?
List borders of the admin region bordering Arctic ocean ?
Who composed the music for Tonight's the Night ?
Is Giorgos Kaminis the mayor of Athens?
What are the artists that have been in the band Framptons camel?
Bantam Spectra is the publisher of which series?
List the soccer players whose current team has the ground Stoke-on-Trent.
Who is the headcoach of 2013-14 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team ?
Which operator of New Sanno Hotel is also the governing body of the Oahu Railway and Land Company ?
In which military conflict were Phm Vn ng and John McEwen commanders ?
Does Air 2000 fly to the north american continent?
List the music of Open House (American Horror Story)?
What is the predecessor of the car engine which was succeeded by BMW M43 ?
How many players debuted their careers from San Francisco 49ers?
What movies have been written by authors of Monty Python ?
List the things for which the relatives of Mrunalini Kunte are known?
Did Bob Dylan write the lyrics of the times they are a changin'?
To which country do gabriel paris gordillo and gustavo rojas pinilla owe their allegiance?
What was founded by pina Records which has name of Geography of Puerto Rico ?
How many saints have been venerated in Judaism?
List the outflows of the lake which has Benu river as one of it ?
Who is the co-founder of the city where Owen Dougherty died?
Who is a religious figure titled superior general?
What is the military unit whose command structures are United States Department of the Navy and United States Department of Defense?
Is James Wong Howe the cinematographer of Behave Yourself?
Who are the children of Abigail Adams?
What awards have the alumni of Academy of Fine Arts in Lodz achieved?
How many TV shows are of the company which are of company which is a subsidiary of Big Ticket Entertainment ?
Which are the predecessor of Chevrolet Caprice?
What was recorded by Live in Detroit, MI and also palce of birth of the Bodhin Kjolhede?
Which animal is the mascot of the 1502nd Infantry Brigade (Ready Reserve) and Galatasaray Handball Team ?
What are other famous works of the writer who created the Sarah Jane Adventures?
Name a person who works in Open Society Foundation and has wife named Susan Weber Soros ?
Which key person of the Clinton Foundation is also the president of Edward J. Perkins ?
Name the sports played by Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School and Junior College?
Which athletics of Jaimatu Muslim Mindano is same as the genre of the Fritz Chess ?
Which are the comics characters painted by Bruce Timm and created by Paul Dini?
What is a common nickname given to both Lyons Township high school and the wheaton college in massachusetts?
In what battles did president Park Chung-hee participate?
Is stephanie a female?
List the scientists whose doctoral advisor is Ernest Rutherford and are known for Manhattan Project?
What is the layout of the automobiles whose designer company is Olivier Boulay?
Count the number of religions followed by BJP members.
How many people have been the head coach for Middlesbrough FC?
Who was on the boards of Freedom of the City and Royal Society?
What games are played at universities in Lanao Del Sur?
What is the almamater of the president whose vice president was Enrique Jos Varona?
What is the architecture of First National Bank and Trust Building (Lima, Ohio) ?
Directors of which movies are buried in Ronda?
In which states does the river flow whose left tributary is Toms Creek?
Which animator of the The Skeleton Dance is also the director of The Haunted House (1929 film) ?
What basketball league's champion is Golden State Warriors
Name the movie in which Vangelis gave the music and Jordan was the cinematographer ?
Which high school of the Jerry Tagge also was the palce hwer Temptation Waits was recorded ?
How many people won the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society?
Stockholm is the HQ of how many things?
With whom were the engagements of Alpine Brigade Taurinense?
Who is married to Susan Weber Soros?
In how many different places have US people died?
What is the state of origin of Abbas Jafri ?
Name the battle fought by the military persons who also fought in Algeria ?
does the journal of cancer have the creative commons license?
Terry Pratchett has written about how many topics?
What is debut team of the baseball players who died in Los Angeles?
Who are the associated musical artist of the artists of band Shorty Rogers?
Martin Ferguson and Mike Kelly served under which aussie PM?
What is the region of the ethnic group which speaks the language of Arkansas?
Who has fought in the conflicts around the Mississippi river?
List the relegion of tani University which is also the life stance of udit Raj ?
Does the San Macros River start in Texas?
Which university's graduates have worked in the Quartermaster corps?
What is the mascot of the military unit of David Prowse?
Which music band made Take Me There, and to which Tedd Riley was associated?
Mouse Morris' horses have raced in which races?
Does Silver Airways have a hub at the Washington Dulles International Airport?
What is the profession of William Luther Hill ?
What religion is Kabir Suman from?
What are the source of the streams whose one of the source is Calera, Oklahoma?
What company made the front row and distributed big top ballet?
What is the serving railway line of Rostov-Glavny ?
Which company is located in Harris County, Texas?
Name the alma mater of the scientist famous for Email filtering ?
What is the genre for the developer of Interplay Entertainment?
Name the team which is owned by Dafenham wind turbines and stood first in 1967 mexican Grand Prix ?
Tell me the number of writers whose works have been recorded in Criteria Studios?
What is the official residence of Sarah Kazemy ?
List all crafts of the people whose one of the profession is Kingdom of Naples ?
Which state of Tendaho dam is the headquarters of Ethiopian People's revolutionary democratic Front located ?
Was Apollo 11 a mission of Niel Armstrong?
What are the movies whose music composer uses a Hammond organ?
Did Paul Weatherwax an editor of Behave Yourself?
What ingredients are used in preparing the dish of Ragout fin?
What religion do the Wickramabahu Centeral College and Neungin High School both follow?
How many television shows are broadcasted on Fox Broadcasting Company?
What is the fictional character which belongs to families of Darth Vader and Padm Amidala?
Where Everybody knows you is the theme album of which show ?
Does Ronaldinho play in the brazil's under 23 team?
What are some rivers in Zambia which have a dam on them?
Which office's people have died on the US Route 165?
Name some shows similar to the one whose theme song is made by Murray Gold.
What is the order of George Frisbie Hoar?
Who are the opponents of graduates of the Middle Temple?
How many movies were directed by the graduate of Burbank High School ?
What is on the border of the places which fall under crook county municipality, oregon?
Name the company whose products is Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and key person is Raymond Conner?
Who are some people whose relation is hqed in Gold Base?
Name the common architecture of the Grand Serail of Aleppo and Shaheed Minar, Kolkata ?
Which New Mexico company provides One Drive as a service ?
Name the company founded in New Mexico and provides Outlook.com as services ?
Who operates the bridges designed by Malaysian PWD?
Who edited Easy street ?
Among which city where Geography Club played also had the Kenticky Cycle ?
Who was the animator of both Tommy Tucker's Tooth and Skeleton Dance?
Name everyone working for a company owned by Roman Abramovich.
What is the nationality of the economist who is one of the important people in the Foundation for Economic Education?
Name the rivers which originate from within Pittsburg?
What is the place of death of the gymnast who was the silver medalist at the 1956 Summer Olympics Men's rings ?
What religion are the characters of Absolutely Fabulous from?
Where does the river begin whose left tributary is Krapanski Potok?
Name all the soccer players who played in a under 18 club for La Liga?
How many people have coached the players of Middlesbrough FC?
Was Robert Burns from the Romanticist School of thought?
Name the sea whose inflow is Kemijoki and outflow is Danish straits?
Count the number of region of AN/FSQ-7 Combat Direction Central?
Give me a count of the services by the company which provides Data center as the services ?
Where was Special 26 recorded ?
List the awards won by the wife of Ingrid von Rosen.
List the people with Scientology as their religious belief?
List common systems are developed by of the Google Videos and written by of the Google Web Toolkit ?
Which program was on NBC network with executive producer as Glen and Les Charles?
Name hte builder of Baku Olympic Stadium ?
Who is the animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth ?
Is the book The Buddha and his Dhamma a book about Buddhism?
What is the national origin of Focke-Wulf Fw 260 ?
Who is the person opposed by Tom McLaury and Ike Clanton?
Who all have developed a cross platform software?
Who attended Great Ayton university?
Who is known for are War of 1812 and Battle of the Thames?
Count everything garrisoned at the pentagon?
List few schools situated in Reading, Berkshire ?
How many rivers end in the Indian Ocean?
What non fiction subjects are covered in books by Doubleday publishers?
Find the total number of tenants of the stadium whose tenants was Toronto Marlies?
Who voiced in Peanuts Motion Comics and The Peanuts Movie?
Is Rain Over me in the planet pit album?
The pope whose shrine is in St Peter's Basilica was venerated in which sects?
List the honorary title given to the spouse of Lillian Disney ?
For a position in which institution were both Jack Ryan and Robert sarvis both appointed?
What is the total number of other restingplace of the politicians whose one of the restingplace is East Norwalk Historical Cemetery?
Count the total number of conflicts people who were part of conflict in afghanisthan ?
Which tennis players live in Kenthurst, new south wales?
Stan Van Gundy serves as a head coach and president for which basketball team?
Wringer (novel) and Maniac Magee is the notable work of which author?
Was Liliya Lobanova born in Ukraine?
Where is the head quarters of the parent company of Mall of America located?
Where was Sino-French War fought ?
List all the major shrines of the saints which has one of the shrines as Debre Libanos ?
Who is the owner of Chelsea F.C. ?
Which associate musical artist of Carolyn Dennis is also the composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare ?
What is the political party of Arun Chandra Guha and Indira Gandhi?
How many bacterias are there whose division is Firmicutes?
What genre isPyChess from, which employes Craig Van Tilbury?
List things developed by Autoconf ?
In which cities are there stations of SCOLA?
Was His New Job edited by Charlie Chaplin?
Which person belongs to the board of Howard Hughes Medical Institute?
What are some bands out to texarkana?
What famous politician died in the Petersen House?
Which cover artist of the The Adventures of Tom Sawyer also the source of inspiration of The Appple Tree ?
Which hockey team is coached by mike babcock?
Where was the person born who died in Bryn Mawr Hospital?
Name the mountain whose parent peak is located in Mexico.
Where was Ne daj se, Nina first aired ?
In which common territory did Sino French war and the Tonkin campaign take place?
Which distributer of Glover is also the stockholde of Seattle Mariners ?
In which state is Colemanville Covered Bridge located ?
What are some important works of US citizens?
How many characters were made by Paul Dini?
What is the Team Name of the Cristo Rey Jesuit High School (Chicago) and is also the nickname of the Lyons Township High School ?
What is the religion of the relatives of Ananda Weerasekara?
Is the song Only the Good Die Young from The Stranger?
In which country's cuisine, ham is an important part?
What is the purpose of the Maharashtra Chess Association which is genere of PyChess?
Name the office holders whose successor died in Morristown, New Jersey?
What is the total number of other non-fiction subject of the books whose one of the subject is Racism?
What medals have been given to people who died of lung cancer?
Who operates twin Cities 400 ?
Name the broadcast area of Radio Philippines Network ?
Which country's engineered have studied at Aero Klub in Wroclaw?
What is pitro Gruszka hometown ?
Count the drinks originated in England.
What place did Edwin Adams die at, which gave birth to William A Purtell?
Is Angola Avante the anthem of Angola?
What sport activities are available at Polytechnic University of the Philippines Bataan?
Trainees at the national film school of Lodz have received what awards?
Is the Providence Chapel, Charlwood made in New English style of architecture?
Which tema did Dough Acomb played for which is also the drafty team of Dale Mitchell ?
What is the river whose origin is North-Western Province, Zambia?
Is Tenzing Norgay the first person to scale Mt. Everest?
Which awards have been given to both Ingmar Bergman and Charles LeMaire?
What is the state of Umatilla language which is also the state of James K. Kelly ?
In which country can I find the State Academic Opera and Ballet Theater and Baku Puppet Theatre?
What band was Afrika Baby Bam a part of, and often performed with Q Tip?
List the governers of Jimmie Lou Fisher?
Count the water bodies that flow into the North Sea?
Where has GARAGE recorded its singles?
Which employer of Manu Cornet has alsoe written Google.by ?
What is the television show whose theme music is by Primus?
Which field's journals are edited by Paul Morphy?
Was Ne Daj Se, Nina first aired in Croatia?
List the sports of PATTS College of Aeronautics which are of interest of Jon Speelman ?
What is the military rank of the important commander of Peruvian Army?
What mammals fall into the biological family Canidae?
Name the writer of South Park: The Stick of Truth ?
Who is the authority of Maine School of Science and Mathematics ?
Give me the count of newspaper whose language is Sweedish and headquartered at stockholm ?
In how many places are the companies founded in Canada operating?
Name a person whose sucessor was Adrian A. basora and was educated at Harvard-Westlake School?
How many titles have been won by the beauty queens which had brown hair?
Who worked at A Goon's Deed in a Weary World and CBS?
How many things are manufactured by the company whose subsidiary is Sony Corporation shareholders and subsidiaries?
Ford Air Transport Service and Falcon cobra are both owned by which company?
Name the movies directed by Stanley Kubrick and edited by Anthony Harvey?
Which continents can be reached by flight companies available on Gatwick Airport?
Who trained the wrestlers who are billed in Wisconsin?
Who developed the software which is used as operating system of Magic Trackpad ?
Who is the head coach of 2009-10 Middlesbrough F.C. season ?
Which builder has made concrete bridges?
Did Umkhonto we Sizwe had Nelson Mandela as a commander?
Whichlocation city of the Denver Broncos is the palce of birth of Steven Clark Cunningham ?
How many venues are located in the US?
Which vice president of Warren G. Harsing is also the president of Evans Hughes ?
in which movies have momoki kochi acted
In which countries can i find broadcasted TV in southeast asia?
Where can i find teams whose coach has been Rodney Eade.
Count all those whose youthclub performed at the 14-15 La Liga?
Name the office holder whose Governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has resting place as North Bend, Ohio?
What city is it where Wayne Allard governs and Juli Ashton was born?
Which neighboring municipalities of Cologny has a mayor named Ester Alder ?
Rostock and Oulu is the shore cities on which sea ?
Count the number of broadcast area of the TV stations which serves in Agalga ?
Name the kingdom with currency Solidus (coin) and administrative headquarters in Nicomedia?
What are the baseball teams who belongs to Guggenheim Partners?
Where did Doug Walgren and Lee Si Chen study?
Where are the politicians buried who succeeded George Whitefield Davis?
What are the television shows whose network's stockholder is Warner Bros. Television?
Is the assembly of tofa ahin ethopia?
What are some music artists whose bands have signed up with Entertainment One Music?
Do Ctenochaetus Binotatus lie in the cActinopterygii class?
How many food items have an ingredient from the Sapindales family?
How many movies have had a cinematographer who died in US?
Which type of building is Qun Thnh Temple ?
Does Stanley Cavell study Shakespeare?
Which owner of Chelsea F.C also owns Evraz ?
Who is the common distributer of Bombay Sapphire and Rev ?
Name the largest city of the country where the body of Amit Saigal was discovered?
Where is the hometown of A Bartlett Giamatti?
Which major shrine of Tekle haymanot is the palce of death of Haile Selassie Gugsa ?
List the ethnicity of Riley Reid?
List the fields of the scientists with Sanskrit as one of the interest ?
Who is the headcoach of 2008-09 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team ?
Who won the silver medal when the bronze was won by Yang Yilin?
List the work edited by Mark Stevens and directed by Joel Schumacher?
Name the office holder with associate as Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus and has a kid named Augustus?
List the popular works of the author of Luther: The Calling ?
Who are the predecessors of John Randolph of Roanoke?
In which continent do Air 2000 and Novair International airways operate?
Is fox belong to the phylum of Chordate?
Who were the first drivers in Grand Prixes where the first team was Scuderia Ferrari?
Does Abdelhameed Amarri currently play for Khartoum?
List the alma mater of the congressmen who attended Nashville, Tennessee ?
What are the name of the casualties affected by shooting rampage of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold?
List TV shows with producer as Erik Bork and company is DreamWorks Television ?
Name the awards that have been given to the writer made famous for Creature Comforts?
Who produces the tv series which made Scott Haran famous?
List all the faiths that British Columbian politicians follow?
Which sports are played in the alma mater of Habib Boromand Dashghapu?
List the television shows whose network's owning company is Turner Broadcasting System?
Give me a count on associates of Johnny Cash?
What country provides a citizenship too Newin Chidchob and Seni Pramoj?
What are some devices made by Taiwanese companies?
What is a salthill?
Who is the musician of Before I let you Go ?
Which admin center of pulau Ujong is also the largest city of Pulau Ubin ?
What is the Ceremonial County of Port of Tilbury ?
What is the current team of John McGuinness (motorcycle racer) ?
What is the ideology of the Union of Cambodian Democrats which is also the ideology of Palang Dharma Party ?
What is the honorary title of the narrator of Everything Will Be OK?
Does the white river flow into the connecticut river{u'_id': u'97e02dcf44aa43c1b7cc7a7c155b118f',
Who is the famous relative of Kelly Osbourne?
What are some cars similar to luxury cars?
What is the total number of other destinations of the airlines whose one of the destinations is Mediterranean Sea?
What is the regional radio sports network associated with?
List the software developed by Shawn Fanning ?
Count the number of things people who know linguistics are known for ?
In which state does the ambassador who is in related with J Bennett Johnston live?
Who is the employer of Michael M. Sears ?
Does mumbai manage the railway line going to the daund railway junction?
Whihc place of birth of the Union State is also the largest city of Union Staete ?
Who is the stockholder of the road tunnels operated by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation?
Through which counties does the road go which starts at the Port Klang?
Under which president did some politicians live in Kensington?
What awards were given to the producer of Chicken Little?
What is the home stadium of the club coached by Justine Omojong?
To what companies is Dennis Muilenburg important?
Whose children died in North Bend, Ohio?
What is the governing body of Burro Flats Painted Cave ?
whose is famous works are Maniac Magee and Wringer ?
Is Lieutenant general (United States) the superintendent of United States Air Force Academy?
Who operates the railway line which begins in Minneapolis?
Who is the owner of the website which has the label Seed Eight ?
What is the venerated in of the Abraham and religion of the Saima Chowdhury
To which label did The Producers and I pray on Christmas sign up?
Wo which countries have the members of Ukrainian ministry of internal affairs swore their oath?
Where did the conflict take place in which Henri Putz fought?
Which producer of the Eristoff is also the distributor of Bombay Sapphire?
What is the organisation whose purposes are Environmentalism and Peace?
Which sports by Polytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig is the discipline of The Chess Monthly ?
Name the series of Doctor Who: Evacuation Earth ?
Which company of Ford Theatre is the owning organization of F0ord Kansa City Assemply Plant ?
Name a royalty whose one of the child is Augustus and is associated with Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus?
Is Lyndon bridge a kind of Truss bridge?
Which country gave birth to the Lemberger LD20b and Start+Flug H101 aircrafts?
What water bodies have primary inflows sa Kemijoki?
Where is Ethiopian Parliament Building located ?
In which nation does the league take place where C.D. Primeiro de Agosto play?
Colin Powell was the commander of which military conflict ?
Name the garrison of the Western Naval Command and line of the Vadodara Junction railway station ?
Enumerate the cars related to the ones assembled in Toluca?
Which cloud platform of Google cloud connect also provides services to 21Vianet ?
Who wrote the album coming right before Dead Man's Chest's OST?
List all areas served by the radio station serving South carolina ?
Malaysian highway authority has designed bridges over what things?
Where can I find companies which originated in Canada?
Which school of jack mcGregor attend which was also the training center of William Anthony ?
What is the university to which Erica Frank went, and where Ivan Toplak was a club manager?
To which party do the politicians who died in Delhi belong?
Which appointer of William Clark is the successor of Levi Lincoln Sr ?
What is the hometown of the residents of Martha's vineyards?
Which companies have launched a rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force station?
What artists are associated with the members of the Catalin Maruta?
Does the north carolina highway 280 end in Arden?
How many people are buried in the Mausoleum of Augustus?
How many soccer manager have been in the Spain nation football team?
List bacteria whose order (taxonomy) is Bacillales and domain is Bacteria?
Name the writer whose one of the notable work is Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and died in Redding, Connecticut?
Name the broadcast area of ITV (Thailand) ?
What sports are played in schools in Vashi?
Who owns the radio stations in Alabama?
Was Johnny Depp a member of Skull Gang?
How many sports are played at the university whose president is Emanuel de Guzman?
Scientists at the University of Queensland have won which awards?
Who is the owner of Latvian Wikipedia and Wiktionary ?
Philadelphia City Council is the governing body of which city?
What are the television shows whose Composer is Stewart Copeland?
What is the television show whose opening theme is Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
Who follow religions led by David Miscavige?
name the Glover's distributer ?
What nation is Hornito located in, where Jamie Bateman Cayn died too?
Which country had the county seats as History of Trier and Mediolanum?
List the Sci-fi TV shows with theme music given by Ron Grainer?
How many shows belong to the network one of whose sister station is Cartoonite?
who are all the people who have managed the England's under 20 soccer team?
Moscow-Kazan high speed railway starts from which station?
Where are all the protected areas near Bend, Oregon?
Does the hudson river flow into the lower manhatten?
In how many places did Julian Leow Beng Kim study?
What is the common university iof vanderbilt Commodores and also the college of hubert Wiggs ?
Which royal people are buried in Rome?
How many movies have been directed by almunies of Parsons School of Design?
Give me a count on scientist who are known for garrison is Tennessee ?
Was einstein a doctoral student of Alfred Kleiner?
Is the Mount St Peter Church made in the international architectural style?
What is the state of origin of Thomas Pfyl ?
How many movies have been cinematographed by Jordan Cronenweth?
For what is Abhijit Kunte known ?
List the language of Kunsten Museum of moder art Aalborg ?
Who owns the bank where Fabio Mercurio works?
What shows are aired on sister channels of BBC Parliaments
Name a military unit whose command structure is United States Department of the Navy and garrison is Arlington County, Virginia?
Starwood operates in which places?
What are the things built by Eristoff ?
List the relative of Tim Nanai-Williams ?
Which fictional character portrayed by Roger barton has Padm Amidala as family ?
Where is the station whose sister channel is the Channel 3 in Thailand?
Count the origin of the beverages which have been originated in england /
Which things have been located, where governance is Houston City Council?
What awards have been given to people schooled in the Everton park state high?
What is the alma mater of the Marshall Fletcher McCallie and has affiliation with Vanderbilt University Medical Center ?
Where is the south shore plaza located?
What is the river that falls into North Sea and Thames Estuary?
Name the university whose teams have been managed by Albertin Montoya?
Name the newspaper owned by Schibsted and headquartered at Stockholm?
What is written in a programming language developed by GNOME Project?
Count all the stateless people
State the religion of the person known for People's Bank (Sri Lanka) ?
Name the television show distributed by Broadcast syndication and voiced by Eliza Schneider?
Where were Justina Machado and John Englehard born?
Who is the successor of Quest Software ?
What is the television show with presentator as Ryan Seacrest and theme music composer as Julian Gingell?
River which flows into the eugene mahoney state park pass through which states?
Which scientist's academic advisor is Georg Meissner and is known for invention of Anthrax ?
For how many cities's teams did David Bowens play?
Who is the developer of the software which distributes Batman: Arkham City Lockdown ?
what are some neighboring cities of Pregny Chambsy?
How many honorary title are there of the scientists who has Australian of the Year award ?
What is the total number of companies who use a language designed by Bjarne Stroustrup?
Which job of Irving Chernev is the non-fiction subject of the Thud ?
What are the musicals of the people died in California?
What is the workplace of Christopher S. Stewart ?
What is the political party of the daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru ?
Where was david Scherman trained ?
Which units are garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia?
What are the mountains in the Sequoia National Park?
Name the city of Duwamish River ?
What is the administrative headquarters of Pulau Ujong ?
In which country is Sierra del Merendin?
Give me a count of everything made by the company which offers electronical manufacturing too.
What are the other band member of the Bands whose current members is Hynief?
Who is the vice president of Jared Bernstein ?
What currencies are prevalent in the countries governed by the President of France?
Which teams have used the stadium whose architect was Populous ?
What is the birthplace of Ludovic Boi which is also the residence of Fernando Augustin?
How many non-fiction subject are there of the books whose one of the non-fiction subject is Ankh-Morpork City Watch ?
Name the show whose theme composing band previously also had Bryan Mantia?
How many contries surround the seas on the banks of which is the city of Cancun?
List all the settlements which has a part named Seguin,Texas ?
List all the wine regions of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Mississippi ?
Which city was designed by saleen Pator which is also the birht location of Jimmy Diggs ?
Name the university whose affiliations's foundation is in Washington, D.C.?
Name the office holder whose theatre is Siege of Fort Recovery and belongs to Indian territory branch ?
What was the university of the rugby player who coached the Stanford rugby teams during 1906-1917?
Which sports are played at both the Polytech uni of Bataan and Taguig?
Who has Kelly Osbourne and Ozzy Osbourne as relatives?
Who were the founders of Sea Gayle Music?
What layout can be found in cars similar to the Subaru Outback?
Name the president who has relations with Clinton family and had a lieutenant named Winston Bryant?
How many organizations work for Environmentalism?
Which producer of Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet has a key person Dennis Muilenburg ?
To which uni. did sidney c patridge and cyril hume both once went?
Who is the manager of the club whose homeground is the riverside stadium?
What are the organisation founded in Texas and Dallas?
List the members of Skull Gang?
To which party does the politician belong, who was born in Nandurbar?
Count the movies directed by Tim Burton and music composer Danny Elfman ?
What are the american football players whose former team's coach is Jason Maas?
Name the appointer of William Clark ?
What is the city of the television station whose affiliations is LATV?
People who debuted from Houston Astros have played in which clubs?
What sport played at Islamic azad uni employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Where are Solidus and Aureus used?
Foxy Brown was associated with which band?
Whose military units are VMF-218 and VMF-155?
Name the team of Michael springer ?
How many non fiction topics does Thud! deals with?
Is Steve Nash the chairman of Vancouver Whitecaps FC?
What is the origin of the musical artist of A Todo Romantic Style ?
Did Christian Barnard study in the University of Minnesota?
Name all the products produced by the producer of United States dollar ?
What is the affiliation of the hospital where Alfred Blalock works?
Is the national anthem of Mauritius motherland?
What is the home town of the Rolando Gomez is the DOD of the Clyde McNeal ?
What software is developed by GNOWSYS and is licensed by Frontaccounting?
Who was the president at the time when both Carl Stokes and Joseph Stiglitz held a position in US political framework?
What is the municipality of the Homestead Grays Bridge and Roberto Clemente Bridge?
List the home town of the people who have Ontario as one of it ?
Name the language of I Love How You Love Me ?
Pennsylvania has how many american football teams?
How many teams have someone playing at the defenceman position?
name the region served by Jerusalem Institue of Justice which was also the conflict region in GazaIsrael ?
Count the number of different religions that field marshals have followed?
What are the awards won by the person who wrote the screen play for Lost in Rio ?
List the main ingredient of Pizza-ghetti ?
What is the governing body of Fort Monroe ?
Who wrote the singles on the Main Course?
Did Annie Leibovitz do the cover of The Road Ahead?
What is the stylistic origin of Wizard rock ?
Count the area of the radio stations whose serves in South Carolina ?
Who has these major shrines : Emmitsburg, Maryland and Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton?
Name a few whose live in a place where Indian English is an official language
What is the constituency of Santo Versace?
What is the television show whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski?
What are some Louisiana based models known for?
Name the person who died in Fair Lane ?
List the awards given to the important people of Aardman Animations?
List the import people of Maryland Jockey Club ?
From what american football teams did Carlos Emmons play?
Name the TV show whose company is Playtone and written by Graham Yost?
Where does the publisher of Kathimerini live?
Who is the person whose alma mater is Harvard-Westlake School?
To which places do the flights go by airlines headquartered in the UK?
Relatives of Moses used to follow which religions?
What sports are played at institutes affiliated by the Association of Southeast Asian Institutes of Higher Learning?
What is the homeport of INS Viraat (R22) ?
What sport amongst the one Lagos Preparatory School practices, did Willian Garne play for?
Count the different places where the people died, who were born in England?
With which artist did the musical artist of Groove Thang collaborated ?
Where can i find salad based food?
What is the name of the television show whose company is Paramount Television and theme music composer is Gary Portnoy?
In which state do darren brass and belvin perry live?
What is the territory of the conflict whose commander is Feng Zicai?
Which team did wolfred McDonald is also the prospect team of Milkhail Pashnin ?
Where did Andy Wyant die and Robert Rodi was born in?
Name a colonel whose resting place is Montpelier ?
Who influenced the author of The Shooting of Dan McGrew ?
Where did the ultimate fighter: a champion will be crowned tonight and ultimate fighter: team rousey vs team tate take place?
What is the parent company of the airline whose hub is in Detroit?
For which band did Dave Hollister perform in the past?
Is The Universe in a Single Atom a book about buddhism?
Name the television show whose voice is given by April Stewart and theme music composer is Primus (band)?
Which musician was born in Harriman, NY?
What are the famous Uni Toronto scientists known for?
How many veterans are buried in the US?
Count the PhD students whose thesis are supervised by National Medal of Science winners?
Count number of people who follow a religion which has an important office in Gold Base ?
Name the actor of Soylent Green to which Lydia Clarke is married ?
Name the artist who made Dream Dancing and is often associated with Joe Pass?
Name the notable commanders of Army Group Oberrhein ?
What is the relegious affiliations of Katyayana ?
In which mountain range does the Rochers De Naye lie?
Murray Gold has composed music for how many things?
Count the number of other product of the banks whose one of the product is Wealth management ?
List the name of those who became famous for something garrisoned at Tennessee?
How many people have led agencies in German occupied Europe?
What is the citizenship of Saima Chowdhury?
Who was the cover artist of The Adventure of Tom Sawyer also wrote mark Twain Tonight ?
Who is the writer of The Sandman (Vertigo) ?
What religion do the politicians follow, who graduated from the Yokkohama Nationaal University?
What is the subject of the book which preceded Sagan's Cosmos?
What was developed by someone working in Cockroach Labs?
Which battles were fought under the president when Chung Won Shik was the prime minister?
How did Letitia MacTavish Hargrave died ?
Which are the automobile platform whose one of the automobile platform is Dodge ?
Which battle of Khalid bin Sultan was also the conflict of Steve Buyer ?
How many molluscas are there whose families are Buccinidae and Buccinoidea?
Name the islands that belong to the archipelago whose largest city is Papeete?
Name the person whose parent is Pattie Mallette?
Was Mark Twain a character of Mark Twain Tonight?
In how many different stadiums are the seasons of the 2015 NA Soccer league held?
In which countries were the Russian volleyball team players born?
What is the county of Saint Lucia national cricket team ?
Which river originate from limerick?
List the destinations to which the airlines headquartered at the Gatwick Airport fly to?
Name the veneration of the monarch who is the predecessor of Solomon?
Who operates the Ganz UV?
Who is the publisher of The Rolling Stone Album Guide ?
In which country was GM was firt aired which is also the mouth country of Upper Neretva?
What is the hometown of the volleyball player whose club is VC Lokomotiv Novosibirsk ?
What are some books whose cover illustration is designed by Marshall Arisman?
What religion do people of the country of Mahbuba Islam Rakhi follow?
Name the people who were in a youth club managed by Luis Enrique ?
What is the state of the administrative region where Oscoda, Michigan is located?
Which institution of the Alton Ochsner is the alma mater of the Michael Hahn ?
Which city's foundeer is John Forbes?
How many times has Jeff Conaway been casted?
Kendall Jenner has how many relatives?
How many people were drafted in the LA Clippers?
Where did the beverages sold by Refriango originate?
In which wars did commanders born in Indochina fight?
List the affiliations of Wikipedia Zero ?
What is the region served by the governor of Stephen L.R. McNichols ?
CN Atletic-Barceloneta has a stadium in Barcelona?
Is morrissey in the smiths?
In how many different wars have people graduated from the Army Command and General staff college fought?
Who is the chancellor of the university whose campus is in Woodlane, New Jersey ?
Was the street dogs of south central narrated by Queen Latifah?
What fictional character's species is American Pekin duck
Name the television show whose creator is Simon Fuller and presented by Ryan Seacrest?
How many books are there whose author's tomb is in Madrid?
What are the bridges whose located in California?
Name the common sports played at Polytechnic University of Philippines San Juan and Islamic Azad University?
Who acted in the work written by Colin Brake?
Purnima Banerjee and Rishang Keishing are politicians of what party ?
Ryan Seacrest has been the presenter of how many things?
Give me a count of companies located in Texas ?
Did the New Way party merge in the One Israel party?
Name the organization which developed iPhone OS and the XNU?
What are the television shows whose network is BBC HD?
What are the books written by authors who died in Madrid?
Name some ww1 veterans?
Where can one find some quick bread in the world?
Which stadium is owned by the team whose manager is Dimitris Terezopoulos?
Where is Tahual located which is also the country of Ren Romano ?
Was John Muir the first one to ascend one of the peaks in the cathedral peak?
What is the television show whose previous work is The Spirit of Christmas (short film)?
List the series of the books whose author is K. W. Jeter.
List the authors of the musicals whose songwriter is Richard M. Sherman.
What is the river on which the Kariba Dam and Batoka Gorge Hydroelectirc power station exist?
What musicians are signed up with colpix records?
What is the name of the information appliance by sony whose predecessor is PlayStation 2?
Is the College Sainte Marie in Mauritius?
Who were the narrators of the albums which had Ringo Starr as one of the narrator ?
What is the river whose source region is North-Western Province, Zambia and river mouth is Indian Ocean?
What awards have been given to race horses bred by Bert Michell?
Danny Felice, the Gibraltarian guitarist is from which city?
How many things are people who died in St. Petersburg known for?
Where did ed podolak go to high school
Of which countries does Viveka Babajee have citizenship?
Which university attended by Donn Barber and education institute of Jack McGregor ?
Where is Bogobiri House located ?
Count all those whose youth club was managed by Luis Enrique.
How many areas are led by Willem Alexander?
What sports are played in schools where Swahili is the official language?
Count the awards received by Immunologists?
Which famous horserace has seen both Fergie sutherland and the illustrious War of Attrition?
Who are in the liang chow club?
What is the occupation of the people who are born in Iowa?
Who holds shares in something famous for the Seven Spring Mountain Resort?
What are the different religions followed by presidents whose prime minister was Surayud Chulanont?
Who all were involved in the wars fought by the commander Blue Jacket?
What are some people who are on the board of companies founded in NY?
What are some cars similar to the ones assembled at Toluca?
Which governer of Winston bryant is also the president of Carl Stokes ?
Does Heydar mean the same as a lion?
List the fields of Sylvain Lvi ?
How many managers have managed Middlesbrough FC?
What sport is Eric Schiller known for, and employes Craig Van Tibury?
Which minister was responsible for Kriminalpolizie?
In what movies did Akira Ifukube compose the music?
How many awards have been awarded to people who are buried in Glendale, California?
What is the river whose mouth is in deadsea?
List all those whose relatives' nationality is United States.
How many people were in a youthclub which played in the Argentine Primera Division?
Which Stanley Kubrick's movie has music by Laurie Johnson?
Where does the river flows into, which starts in Gredelj?
Did chris lebenzon edit Batman returns?
Name the TV show with distributor as Broadcast syndication and has theme music composed by Primus ?
Which military unit garrison is Arlington County, Virginia and The Pentagon?
What artist was associated closely with the bare necessities and rock a doodle?
Was Let it Be written by Ringo Starr?
How many artists are signed up with Celluloid Records?
Which country were the associates of Hilda Duhalde from?
In what tv shows did Jason Carter act?
Name some books by Spanish speaking authors.
Which siler medalist of the Tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics Men's singles was also the flagbearer of the Switzerland at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Which television shows have been produced by Erik Bork?
In which states are there bridges over the Pequea Creek?
Name the university with mascot as Aubie and president as jay Gogue ?
List the birthplace of the medicians who studied in Harvard.
Name some Texas based companies ?
What is common between genre of battle chess and purpose of New Zealand Chess ?
Was John Boehner the winner of the US House of Representatives elections in Ohio in 2010?
What is the alma mater of the scientist whose PhD advisor is Jean-Claude Latombe ?
who is the governer of New Castile?
In which country is the Baku puppet Theater located which is also the birth palce of Anar Salmanov ?
Which magazine's editor's official residence is Playboy Mansion?
What are the television shows telecasted on the network which has headquarters at Atlanta?
Which military unit's garrison is Pentagon and command structure is United States Department of Defense?
Which university with athletics department in NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision has nickname Tulane Green Wave ?
By whom is the broadcaster network Bounce TV founded?
Where was William anthony trained ?
Which countries were the first to play Gumus and Ne daj se, Nina?
Where did the people beatified by Pope Pius X die?
How many other family of the mammals exists whose family is also Hominidae ?
Name the country with currency as Aureus ?
Who were the pole drivers in GP when Damon hill was a first driver?
How many awards have royal designers for industry awardwinners got?
Where is the headquarters of the public transit system which owns Target Field, a Metro Transit Station ?
List the relatives of the governor of Gabriel Slaughter?
What continent of the world has Baja California peninsula and also has WEPG in one of it's cities?
Which party won both the general electoin and the andhra pradesh election in 2004?
How many games are released for virtual consoles?
Which airlines fly to Gimhae International Airport?
To what political party do the politicians graduated from Somerville college, Oxford belong to?
Where did Wallace Dollase die?
Where did the people canonized by John Paul II die?
Where did the editor of Charlie Mensuel die ?
What is the alma mater of K. Terry Dornbush ?
Where is Denver Broncos located ?
Which country has the Carmel Winery and the Teperberg 1870 winery ?
What is the birthplace of Adugna Deyas and the place where Fiq is located?
Name the river whose source is located in Itasca State Park and mouth is located in Pilottown, Louisiana?
What is the river which comes from Southend-on-Sea mountain?
Where did Meg McGuffin graduated ?
Where is the team of Abdel Boucker located ?
Name the movies for which music was given by Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by Cinema International Corporation?
Count the total number of academic discipline of the journals whose one of the academic discipline is Neuroimaging ?
Count the different religions practiced by people who are in the Malaysian and Chinese association.
Name few companies where don berlin and michael sears have worked together?
To which country is Svetlana Navasardyan from?
What is the faith of the Ajith Perera and religious affiliation of the Neungin High School?
What is the mascot of the Royal Australian Air Force and Austin College?
Who managed England national under-20 football team and Middlesbrough F.C.?
What is the religion of the ethnic group to which Clara Ng belongs?
What are the awards won by the film director of Saraband ?
Was John of Damascus canonized by Anglican Communion?
Who owns the horses which have won the Timeform award?
Which distributer of Bombay Sapphire also makes Grewy goose ?
Was George Cash in the western australian parliament?
Name the TV show broadcasted by Fox and presented by Ryan Seacrest ?
Which university has affiliations to Graham Holdings and Kaplan, Inc.?
What are the notableworks of Russell T Davies?
Name the person who was educated at Harvard-Westlake and won the Screen Actor Guild Life Achievement Award ?
What is the place of birth of the badminton player who is the bronze medalist of Badminton at the 2012 Summer Olympics Women's doubles ?
Where do bachelor of arts live?
How many people live in the Beverly Hills, California?
Horses grandsired by Sundridge have won which awards?
What is the nickname of the home stadium of Angels Toru?
What are the bands associated with the artists of My Favorite Girl ?
What is the layout of Subaru Legacy (second generation) ?
Which religion do the people follow, whose constituency is Jadavpur?
Name an American football player whose debuted in Chicago Bears and former team is 1998 Baltimore Ravens season?
What other things are provided by the producer of Office 365?
What is the deathplace of the Anatoly Kharlampiyev which is also the death place of Lyudmila Buldakova?
Who are the people who died in a place architected by Jens Jensen
What are the software whose programming language are Multilingual?
What is the political party of the person succeeded by A.K. Singh?
What are the professions of Frederick Frelinghuysen (general) ?
What tv show is created by Brian Graden?
List the starring of the movies whose label is T-Series ?
Which operator of ganz UV is also the nationality of the Gza Horvth ?
What was the career of some people who have committed suicide?
Is Pittsburgh Steelers the former team of Marv McFadden?
What is the ideology of Palang Dharma Party ?
Name the institute of Alton Ochsner ?
Name the common record label of I pray on Christmas and Next Thing ?
Who won the general elections in India in 2009, and had also won the AP elections in 2004 ?
What is the common palce of study for jack McGregor and Philip W. Pillsbury ?
Is Ian Thorpe the bronze medalist of Swimming at the 2004 Summer Olympics Men's 100 metre freestyle?
How many cities are around the sea in which the ionian sea flows?
Where can I find people whose hometown is Ann Arbour in Michigan?
Which television show's theme music composer is Gary Portnoy and subsequent work is Frasier?
Name the licensee of the TV station whose one of the licensee is Incorporation ?
Was James maker in the band Noko?
Which awards did the parents of Anna Bergman win ?
Where did the wrestler die who was billed in Norman, Oklahoma?
How many different genres of games can I find which are compatible with the Commodore 64?
Where did the relatives of David Hume study?
Which producer of Boeing F/A has Dennis Muilenburg as an important person ?
Name the constituency of Jonas Gahr where Sverre Krogh was born ?
Does Lionel Messi play in the Argentina National Football Team?
Does the owyhee river flow into oregon?
Was X the Unknown edited by James needs?
Which company owns Sony bank ?
Martin AN/GSG-5 is a part of the building in which city?
Who is the president of United World College of Costa Rica ?
What party was in majority of Fourth Legislative Assembly of Delhi?
What is the venue of Indy PopCon ?
Which non fictional subject of Thud is the athletics of PATTS College of Aeronautics ?
Where is the birthplace of Ferrel Harris ?
who was the president under whom winston bryant served as a lieutenant?
Is Essex the Ceremonial County of West Tilbury?
What are the airlines whose hub airport is Los Angeles International Airport?
Count all the books written by an author buried in the Convent of Barefoot Trinitarians?
Which director of On deadly Ground also released Mojo Priest ?
Who were some governmental heads in Nazi Germany?
Name the common nationality of Georgina Theodora Wood and akwasi Oppong Fosu ?
What are some TV shows whose voice actors are from Truckee, California, US?
What is the total number of office holders who preceded the people working under president bill clinton?
What is the sovereign state of the Dafydd Benfras where Jasmine Lowson is also citizen of ?
What are the nicknames given to the characters of The Wolves of the Mercy Falls?
How many people are buried in the Winchester Cathedral?
What is the colour of Red Marauder ?
List the territory of Tonkin Campaign ?
Is wizard rock inspired from Harry potter?
What is the route start of Capitol 400 ?
Who made the Y block engine and the SHO V8 engine?
What other awards have been given to Golden Globe winners?
With which musical artist is the music group which sung Mind Blowin' related to ?
How many subjects have been covered in fantasy novels?
List the universities with athletics NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ?
In which races does Coneygree compete?
Who was the designer of john madden Football '92 ?
Which ancient country had capital as Nicomedia and History of Trier?
Name the tenants of MAsterCard center wich is also the draft team of Antoine Bibeau?
Which teams participate in the football seasons headed by Patricia Amorim?
Which sports are played in schools founded by Fr Almeida?
In which wars did Percy Fitzwallace fight?
In which state is the alma mater of Ben Ysursa located ?
Players from how many teams have participated in the National Hockey League?
Who are some US colonels?
How many places were ruled by Elizabeth II?
Who is on the board of Kate Spade and company?
Which awards have been given to scientists that graduated from NKU athens?
What is the rank of Julius C. Burrows politically?
Name the club of Julie Hastings ?
What is the death location of the scientist who is the known authority of Hallopus ?
Artists trained at art students league NY are buried where?
Whose creators are Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David?
Who are the people who played for San Francisco 49ers?
What is the Nickname of the school where Jeff Hornacek studied ?
Which artist married to Lee Krasner?
Which country of Montaas Mayas Chiquibul is the birth place of Jos Bernardo Escobar?
Was Francisco Pizarro of the monarch of Charles 5, of the roman empire?
Name all the doctoral student of the scientist who also supervised Mary Ainsworth ?
Who was in youth clubs of FC Barcelona and Newell's Old Boys?
Which river's mouth is located in Gulf of Mexico and has source location as Itasca State Park ?
Whose youth clubs used to participate in Argentine Primera Division?
Which prime ministers were served by the governor who appointed Murray Gleeson?
What are the movies whose music composer is Akira Ifukube?
Which adminstrative region of Lawrence F. Cafero is also the resting place of Samuel Keeler ?
Who appointed both John Drayton and William Clark to their respective offices?
What is the mouth mountain of Current River (Missouri) ?
Who all did their high school in Denbigh high School?
In which part of the world will I find Kim Sawchuk and Vuelta Mexico Telmex?
List everything written in languages developed by EXperimental Computing Facility?
Who is the singer of the album which has a song Me and My arrow ?
Is Azerbaijan the membership of European Go Federation?
Who debuted their career in a team coached by Chip Kelly?
How many albums did the maker of The Band produce?
What is the religious affiliation of Hong Kong Taoist Association Tang Hin Memorial Secondary School ?
Did Joe Namath did his highschool in Beaver Falls High School?
Which work is both Neil Cross and Lars Pearson both known for ?
What are some non fiction subjects dealt with in fantasy novels?
Which predecessor of the PlayStation 4 is also the developer of Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee?
Name few movies directed by Tim Burton ?
Who has fought in wars under commander Arthur St Clair?
Which awards have been given to immunologists?
What are the awards won by the producer of Puss in Boots (film)?
Name the college of the Allama Matthews which also has affiliation with Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
Name the debut team of Butch Metzger ?
Name the common distributing label of the Chinga Chang Records and StandBy Records ?
What are some relatives of the spouse of Uncle henry from Oz?
Which line of the Vadodara Junction railway station is the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Expressway ?
Foxconn makes how many things?
In which racing championships did Bobby Beasley and Martin Molony participate?
What is telecasted on the network where Deborah Turness holds important position?
Which actors have performed in plays performed in New York?
What currencies are used in the countries which have been governed by Francois Hollande?
Name the ground of Al-Rayan SC ?
Who is the owner of the bank which owns Bloomberg Radio?
Where did the office holder died who also have faith in Episcopal Church ?
Is Another Lonely Night in New York by the musical band Robin Gibb?
List all the developers of the Oddworld series?
To which political party does the successor of Radhabinod Koijam belong?
Which builder of Edwin Andrews Air Base isalso place of birth of the Akinoumi Setsuo ?
is ANYway in the Quack album?
What are the political parties whose leaders have lived in the Prime Minister's House?
What is a common ingredient used in boyt Blodpalt and Kaszanka ?
Name a TV show judged by Jennifier Lopez and presented by Brian Dunkleman ?
Is the Chiva Bus by the Ford Motor Company?
From how many different places have participants of Breeders's Cup Turf come?
Was Lionel Messi a member of the 2009 FIFA World Cup squads?
Name the company founded by Jim Harris located in Harris County, Texas ?
Which video game composed by Hirokazu Tanaka can be played on virtual Console ?
Give me the count of tenants of the stadia whose one of the tenants is Toronto Furies?
what kind of things play on WBIG FM?
What is the serving railway line of Warwick railway station, Perth ?
Who was the prime minister under which the predecessor of Derick Heathcoat Amory served?
Who wrote the subsequent work of One Day at a Time (Em's Version) ?
What are the birth place of the people who are the star of Dhoondte Reh Jaaoge?
Who is the architect of Red House, London ?
Count the number of tenants whose one of the tenant is Toronto Phantoms ?
Which relative of George Madison is the appointer of John Drayton ?
Which company manufactured Delta III?
List the movies edited by Julian Doyle in which music was composed by Geoffrey Brugon ?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Essex and river mouth is North Sea?
Who is the owner of Bloomberg L.P. ?
List the houses of Parliament of India ?
Richard Gant did a guest appearance on which series?
What is the home stadium of the soccer club seasons whose chairman is Merritt Paulson?
What is the government type of Kumta ?
What genres of games are available on the Commodore 64?
What is the protected area whose nearest city is Kenya?
How many companies have launched their rockets from the Vandenerg Air base?
Is Anne Hidalgo the mayor of Paris?
Name the driver who was at pole in 1997 Canadian Grand Prix and also 1994 Spanish Grand Prix ?
Which college has been attended by both Mr. Hubert Wiggs and Mr. Alvin Bell?
In which city of Pittsburg Steelers was the Congress of Inductrial Organization founded ?
What is the academic discipline of the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism and also an ingredient of the Ragout fin ?
Was Duanne Allman famous for playing the Gibson SG?
List the people casted in Betsy's Wedding and 16 candles?
Is Maldives a member ofof South Asia Subregional Economic Cooperation?
What are the settlements whose neighboring municipalities is Lancy?
For how many things are people famous, who were born in Nebraska?
What currencies are used in the country whose capital is Podgorica?
What is the political party of the Satish Kumar Sharma which is also the political party of Manthena Venkata Raju?
Which shows theme music is composed by a band which has Larry Lalonde in it?
Which rivers start from the Provinces of Zambia?
Name a famous relative of barry voight
Which company developed both Dart and Go?
Georg Meissner was doctoral supervisor of which scientist ?
What awards have been given to some screenwriters?
Which city near Nihoa is the place of death of jim Brady ?
List the people who were the first one to climb a mountain in California?
Where is the spouse of Henry Bourchier of Essex buried?
Who are the local authority of Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
Which peak was first scaled by Krzysztof Wielicki?
How many movies have a screenplay located in the States?
Which companies were behind the renovation of McKechnie Field ?
What teams have Avangard Omsk's players played for?
What is the location country of Teperberg 1870 ?
Name the rivers in the hudson highlands state parts?
Is Ingo Steuer the formercoach of Stanislav Morozov?
How many cars can I find related to the cars which have a V8 engine?
Which destinations of the Air 2000 is also the location continent of the Falken Tire ?
what cities are close by LoDaisKa ?
Why did Letita McTavish Hargrave and Sextus Barbour die?
What show has Sirius XM Holdings and Fox Sports Radio as channels ?
What are Breann McGregor and Anika Knudsen, both known for?
List the softwares which runs on Microsoft Windows and has license as Software as a service?
List the movies produced by Michael Deeley ?
What are the TV shows whose network is also known as the CW?
What are some tv shows created by Simon Fuller?
Count the number of sports played by the universities whose one of the sports is baketball ?
Where was the engineer born who manufactured EP R.E.P. 1?
In which state is the team, which has John Roeslein?
Where has the employee of Columbia Records worked ?
Which sport at Polytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig is the field of Jon speelman ?
What are the sports played by the universities who also plays taekwondo ?
Which senator served in military units VMF-155 and VMF-218?
How many members are there of the organization headquartered at Amstelveen?
Does the Ontario International Airport serve the Inland Empire?
Under which scientist did doctoral students erban ieica and Erich Bagge study?
Who did the associated act which is a Peter Frampton production ?
Give me list of people who were the first to climb a peak in the Yosemite park?
Who is the film director of Alice's Wonderland ?
Who is the builder of Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica (2011) ?
What is the common award won by Charles LeMaire and Eric Roth
Where does the river end which starts in Richmond Park?
Count the number of first drivers in all the GPs where Mika Hakkinen was a first driver?
Is the Kia Sportage similar to the Hyundai Lavita?
Which river has its roots in Baikal Mountains?
How many nations' volleyball players have played for the Russian women volleyball team?
Which garrison of East Indies Station is also the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Express ?
Name the tiemzone of Banlung ?
Who made the engine whose predecessor is the SHO V6?
Does Mauritius follow a parliamentary republic?
In how many places was the album of King Crimson recorded?
Which musical artist collaborated with Tony Allen (musician) and label is Victor Entertainment?
In how many teams have people previously played who play as defencemen?
What is the total number of regions served by the companies which also serves Australia?
Whose children are married to Fredric Joliot-Curie?
Count the number of important works done by the writers of The Second Coming?
Who is the composer of Girl from the North Country ?
who owns the ship Victoria?
What is the base currency of the Benelux and is also used as money in Kerguelen Islands?
What is the name of Mary's divine child?
List the places where the relatives of Mark Donaldson died ?
Which appointer of the Joseph Clay (Georgia) is also the President of the William Carmichael (diplomat) ?
Among which sitcoms in which theme music is composed by Gary Portnoy is located in Massachusetts ?
Over which rivers, does a cable stayed bridge exists?
Give me everything owned by networks which is lead by Steve Burke?
Ontario's ice hockey players have been a part of which teams?
For which teams did Ryan Powell play for?
List the battles in which alumni of US Army Command and General Staff College fought?
Name the military units whose command structure's headquarters is The Pentagon?
Name the city with leader as Esther Alder and neighboring municipality as Pregny-Chambsy?
What is the mascot of Celal Bayar University ?
List all the mmebers of Mekong River Commission?
What are the academic interests of the advisor of Paul Demiville ?
How many other ingredient are there in the foods whihh have one of the ingredient as Potato ?
Who is the founder of the trade union which affiliates Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers?
What royalties's sepulchre is Mausoleum of Augustus?
Who are the founders of Iskra ?
What is the location country of the bank whose successor is Mauritius Bank ?
Who is the manufacturer of engine of Jeep Forward Control ?
What sports are played at Vishwajyot High School?
Who is the person whose parent is Ptolemy XII Auletes?
How many cars are similar to the ones assembled in the Jefferson North Assembly?
What does the river flow into, whose left tributary is Bukovica?
Who are in the board of Jimmy Wales ?
What is the leading party in Baraily which Chandra Shekhar too is associated with?
which astronaut's mission was Apollo 11?
What came before PlayStation 4 and uses PlayStation 3 system software as OS?
What are the tenants of Mercedes-Benz Superdome?
Was elizabeth ann seton beatified by Pope John XXIII?
Give me a count of all the producers of all the movies whose music was done by James Horner?
Name the musical artists whose label is given by Kobalt Label Services?
Count everyone who was in the military unit which is structured like the Marine Aircraft Group 13 ?
Which state does Jerome B. Chaffee belong ?
List the common sports played by Polytechnic University of the Philippines Bataan and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao ?
List down all the cast members of Tony n' Tina's Wedding ?
Who is the writer of Neverwhere (radio play) ?
What is the musical whose music is by Jose Luis Narom, based upon?
List the bacterias whose division is Firmicutes and domain is bacteria?
How many TV shows' networks are headquarterd in NY?
What is the university whose affiliations is Graham Holdings Company?
What are some seas inside europe ?
Name the basketball player who played for Phoenix Suns and Los Angeles Clippers was his draft team?
Who are the key people of FWD.us?
What is the birth place of the successor of Ella T. Grasso ?
Where do the politicians, Blanche Bruce and John Franklin Miller work?
Which country is the birth place of Marcus Samuelsson and Samuel of Waldebba ?
What is the television show whose executive producer is Steven Peterman?
Which river's source place is Gloucestershire and mouth in North Sea?
What region was Gloria Schaffer born in, which also contains Newington?
which award has been won by Claudia Moro?
How many schools have a bison as their mascot?
Where was Henri, Duke of Rohan laid to rest?
Which institution of the Alton Ochsner is also the alma mater of John Michael Seabright ?
Who did the person whose predecessor is Arthur Slaght, play for?
Does the lena river flow into the Laptev Sea?
How many ideologies do the political party of Boonchu Rojanastien hold?
Who owns a bridge in Boston?
Count the different types of Flatbread ?
Who is married to Gerard Piqu?
Which city near to Elliott Bay was the death place of George F. Moore ?
List the things for which people of New Orleans are famous for?
The Other Side has hosted how many guests?
What is the deathplace of the rugby player who is the relatives of Anton Oliver ?
Who have children named James Roosevelt and Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr.?
Which scientist advised a doctoral student named Erban Ieica?
Which artist was taught by Jos Ruiz y Blasco?
What are the houses of the Parliament Security Services and Parliament of India ?
Was Zachary taylor a major general?
For which team did both Butch Metzger and Brian Horwitz debuted ?
Name the TV shows with network as NBC and company as Paramount Television ?
Who has composed songs produced by Terry Melcher?
List down the cinematographers of Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
Which country's people have graduated from Ghana School of Law?
What awards have been given to the dude who made Shaun the Sheep?
Where is Dofinivka Estuary located ?
Bridge that starts at Seberang Perai crosses over what?
Where was the deadbody discovered of one of the alumni of General Educational Development?
To which senator did military unit VMF-155 belong?
What awards did Jos Rivera (playwright) win?
Who discovered Callisto ?
Does Shaun Thong a member of Audi?
Give me a list of computers whose CPU is in the US.
Which musical artist associated with Tony Allen has label with Celluloid Records ?
Whose labels are Victor Entertainment and Celluloid Records?
Where does the river end, into which the Rakitnica flows?
Where is the tombstone of the parliament members who served with James Roberts as the Vice President, US?
Do the west coast airlines fly to seattle?
Which school teams are there in schools of Arlington Heights, Illinois?
Who was the silver medalist of Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics Women's artistic individual all-around ?
Who works at the American Magazine and New York Post?
Which past members of the The Conglomerate (American group) also sang Take Me There (Blackstreet & Ma song)?
List the academic discipline of the journals whose publisher is SAGE Publications.
Collaborators of Demis Roussos have composed music for which movies?
Who is the producer of Frampton's Camel ?
Who founded the city at the end of the Pittsburgh Line route?
How many developers were involved in creating games whose score is composed by Gerard Marino?
Where did these popular aeroplanes - Focke Wulf 260 and Start+Flug H 101 originate?
Which source of river Raa is the sovereign state of Adriatic sea ?
Count the key people of the Clinton Foundation?
Give me someone on the board of trinity house?
Count the journals in the field of Philosophy.
Which former team of the Harry Parker (baseball) is the debut team of the Carl Sitton?
Who designed the bridge over the Valaichchenai lagoon?
List all the artist of the TV shows which has McClain as one of the artist ?
Which fictional character is portrayed by Roger Barton (film editor)?
Where did the film director of Kala Pani die?
Does Timothy Morton study Buddhism?
Name a queen whose parent is Ptolemy XII Auletes and consort is Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator?
Which universit's affiliation is with Kalpan, Inc. and has campus at Iowa ?
Name the nearest city to the historic place which has Englewood, Colorado as one of them ?
Which movies have someone on their cast from Shelby County in Tennessee?
Which area operataed by the South Side Elevated Railroad is also the palce of death of the Sakari Suzuki ?
Which venues are located at places governed by John Roberts?
How many people are in the continental army?
List all the former partners of the figure skater whose one of the former partner was Andrea poapst ?
What river originates in the Connecticut Lakes?
Which band made the song Take me There, and has collaborated with Blayse in the past?
How many things are aired on BBC HD?
How many have order (taxonomy) as Bacillales and division as Firmicutes are there?
In which countries are there banks which came after the National Commercial Bank of Mauritius?
How many have company as Paramount Television and network as NBC are there?
What is the birthplace of the office holder who is the predecessor of Brian Peddle ?
What is the hometown of John Speraw ?
What is the affiliation of Vanderbilt University Medical Center ?
Which awards has been given to both michel hazanavicius and geoffrey rush?
What is the mascot of the rival school of Sullivan Central High?
Which Paramount TV show was produced by Glen and Les Charles ?
How many airlines have a hub at an airport run by LA World Airports?
What are the main interests of Timothy Morton?
Whose network's parent organisation is Comcast?
List all the locations of the companies whose are also located in Rancho Cucamonga, California ?
Name the common editor of Easy Street (film) and Work (film)?
Which are the television show which have been created by Donald Wilson?
Whose successors are Robert P. Smith and Adrian A. Basora?
Who is the mayor of the city under which is the constituency of Zora Singh Maan?
Did Jerry Siegel create Lois Lane?
Which awards did the writer, who is the creator of Creature Comforts, won ?
Who is the incumbent of Al Gore presidential campaign of 2000 ?
Which team did Wilfred McDonalds and Cam Plante play for?
Who is the former partner of the figure skater which was the former partner of Brynn Carman ?
England is the origin of how many things?
What is the common debut team of the Butch Metzger and Dan Otero?
What religion is followed by the commander of Defense Security Command?
Is Albert P Clark buried in Colorado?
Who is office holder of constituencies Duboce Triangle and Noe Valley ?
For how many things are americans famous for?
Which politician was succeeded by someone who graduated from the Instituts d'tudes politiques?
Where was Al-Muzaffar Umar buried ?
Who created the world series of Poker?
Is the Hyundai Lavita assembled in Ulsan?
Which countries came together to serve a greater purpose and founded South Asia Subregional Economic Cooperation?
Which musical artists have collaborated with Waylon Jennings?
where did soccer bowl take place in 76?
Which owner of Drop.io made Sean Parker famous?
How many movies were cinematographed by Jordan Cronenweth?
Which kmascot od seneca Academy is also the species of The Fox and the Cat ?
Who is the producer of album which has the song Money?
Which tv show was preceded by The spirit of Christmas and voice to the character was given by Mona Marshall ?
Give me a count of airlines whose hub airport is Los Angeles International Airport?
Did Alexandre Tichonov study at the Moscow university?
Name the river whose source place is Gloucestershire and mouth place is Southend-on-Sea ?
How many members are there in the European Go Federation?
Momoko Kchi has acted in which movie ?
List all the notable works of Russell T Davies?
Jimmie Fisher and Winston Bryant were governors under which president?
Which shows are similar to the ones produced by Phil Collinson?
How many movies did Michael Deeley produce?
Which college of the Luke List (golfer) is the alma mater of the Park Trammell ?
Spanish harlem incident was composed by whom ?
Who is the fictional character who starred in The Dognapper?
Count the movies edited by Mark Stevens (film editor) and were directed by Joel Schumacher?
Enumerate all the first teams of the GPs which were held in Watkins Glen, NY?
List some songwriters whose work has been recorded in Miami?
Which fictional character portrayed by Roger barton has Darth Vader as family member ?
Elizabeth Alexander and Jared Bernstein served under which Vice President?
To which country does Peter Blay owe his allegiance?
Which citys mayor is anne hidalgo?
Count the number of movies whose distributor is RKO Pictures and director of photography is Gregg Toland?
What is the division of Serbia national American football team ?
Who has allegiance is Colony of Virginia and buried in Montpelier?
Give me the list of cars which are the predecessor of Full Sized Cars?
Who served a vice president buried in United First Parish Church?
Does Cohoes a junction on the NY State Route 470?
List the regions served by the company which serves in Pacific Ocean ?
Who are the biological parents of Dannielynn Birkhead?
Was Morrissey a member of the Smiths?
Who are the producers of Marie Sisters?
Name the river with source as Columbia Lake and river mouth is located in Clatsop Country ?
Give me a count of movies whose music composer is Bernard Herrmann?
Is my truly truly fair the band of mitch miller?
What is the common product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group and services of the 21Vianet ?
List the comic characters created by Joe Shuster ?
Name the sovereign state of Wallington railway station ?
Which TV show's theme was composed by a band in which Todd Huth used to perform?
Count all the Colonels?
Where is the main ground of soccer seasons whose chairman is Ronaldo?
Who was on the first team in the GPs that were held at Watkins Glen, NY?
Which destination of the Novair International Airway is the source origin of Spaghetti squash ?
Who all have been canonized by Pope Paul VI
Who are the parent of the people that has POD as Redding, Connecticut ?
Who produces the trains operated by the MTR?
What religion did the spouse of Richie Aprile follow?
Name the agency of Election Commission of Thailand ?
What is the second track list of Dschinghis Khan (song) ?
Which writer of Tales of Suspense is also the writer of karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
Who was the influencer of Dave Attel who also starred in Adios Amigo?
Who is the producer of the album, after which A Nice pair was released ?
Who developed games based on the Cars series?
Which politicians live in a city led by T.S. Thakur?
Who is the military general buried in St Mary's Church, Battersea?
Which wars were fought when the commanders involved served under PM Choi Tu Son?
Give me the count of artist in the company whose Artist is Jean- Franois Cot ?
How many universities are located in a country led by Olemic Thommessen?
Give me a list of everyone who manages the famous rock art sites?
Did Jerry Rice study in Oktoc Mississippi?
To which family does korean fox belongs to ?
Food in which countries has shallot in it?
Who is the compiler of British Gazette whose prime minister is also Peter Thorneycroft ?
What is the route end of NorthSouth Transport Corridor ?
What is the country which lies on the European route E8, and where Ragnhild Jolson was born?
What are the television shows whose distributer is HBO?
Did Carolyn Heinrich study at the Vanderbilt?
What are the musical performances whose label is Celluloid Records?
To which company is Michael Dell a father company?
How many cars succeeded the cars which were similar to Cadillac Fleetwood?
What is the common region of the braod cast area of ITV and nationality of Ajahn Thate ?
Which person won Screen actors Guild Life Time Achievement award and has resting palce in Palo Alto, California ?
Give me a list of all the people driving at pole positions in the Grand Prixes where Renault was a first team?
Which mainter of Cheasty Boulevard South is also the county seat of the King County, Washingtonsu ?
What work has been directed by Orson Welles and distributed by RKO Pictures?
Was andy warhol a part of Pop Art movement?
Name the sea located near Europe and has a nearby city as Rostock ?
Which nearest city of LoDaisKa Site is also the location of Oskar Blues Brewery ?
What city is the place of birth of Alexander Morozevich which is also the official residence of Dmitri Nossov ?
Which team's players have played in the national hockey league?
Which founder of European School, karlsruhe is also the jursdiction of Eurpoean Border of Coast guard ?
What is that show whose theme was composed by Joel Goodman?
What is the academic discipline of Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism ?
Trevor Peacock has narrated in which movie?
What are some gymnasts coached by Amanda Reddin?
What team has Sam Keller and Jim McMilin played for?
Which TV show whose theme is composed by someone signed up with ATO records?
Which gadgets are made by companies of New Taipei City?
Which work institutions of the Andrew Schally is the alma mater of the Mara Eugenia Rojas Correa ?
What religions do diplomats typically follow?
What are the universities where athletics is regulated by National Collegiate Athletic Association?
Who is the owner of Ford Motor Credit comapny which is also the builder of FORD SHO V8 engine ?
Was Don't Bring Me Down recorded in West Germany?
Name the person whose relation is Dee Dee Warwick?
who are some miss michigan usa?
What are the films whose atleast one cast member died due to Colorectal cancer?
Give the name of the managers of England national under-20 football team and England national under-21 football team?
What is the draft team of the ice hockey players whose position is Centre ?
Harry Huston and Dick Spalding played their first match for which team?
Which cport of Vishwajyot High School is also the genere of Battle chess
What are some neighboring cities of cologny?
Whose relatives are Uncle Henry (Oz) and Aunt Em?
Give me the count of interests of the philosopher whose primary interest is Metaphysics ?
Which ceremonial County of the East Tilbury is also the local authority of the Trinity School, Brentwood?
Was Henry Knox a major general?
List the common prime minister of the Robert Ray and graham richardson ?
Name the television show where Mona Marshall has given voice and is distributed by Comedy Central?
List the common relegion affiliation of khadra Haji Ismail and Yasmin khatun ?
What does the bridge go over, which is in Katima Mulilo?
What are the television shows whose distributor is a division of Warner Bros. International TV?
Cleopatra V of Egypt is father to which royalty?
Which founder of sea Gayle Music is also the judge of Rising Star ?
What city has the football team in which Lee Robinson debuted?
Name the award given in Norway and presented by Swedish Academy ?
How many TV show has distributor located in Burbank California ?
NAme the emplyer for whihc Manu cornet has worked and also written in Google Web Toolkit ?
How many people have been canonized by Pope Benedict XVI?
List the total number of awards of the musicals who have won Tony Award?
Who is the chancellor of Falmouth University ?
Where was the movie after Khiladi 786 recorded?
What are the binomial authority of Menetries's warbler?
Does Sonny Bill Williams belong in the Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs club?
Name the university which has Lieutenaunt general as superintendent and mascot as Gyrfalcon ?
What are the prizes awarded to the main members of DisneyToon Studios?
Humes High School is alma mater to which person?
What is the birth place of music artists which were associated with Albert Ayler ?
Is greasy pop recording the distributor of festival records?
List all the houses of United States Congress ?
Which sitcom is broadcasted by FOX and presented by Brian Dunkleman?
Mota Engil built bridges over which rivers?
Which television show 's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and written by Erik Jendresen?
Which university provides license for WRVU ?
UEM group have made bridges crossing over what?
Which distributer of Glover (video game) is also the publisher of the Super Mario Adventures ?
What is the area of Tar Heel Sports Network ?
What is the alma mater of the scientists known for String theory?
List the party of the office holder which also has the affiliation with Congress Socialist party ?
Which shows have voices from people signed up with ABC Records?
Whose deputy was Franz von Papen?
Who is the developer of the software which is produced by Claris ?
Gamini Seneviratne and Katyayana are two followers of which religion?
Give me some administrators of bridges over which cars can go?
Whose artworks are in Sao Paulo Museum of Art?
Through which states does the road go, which has a junction on Keningston Maryland?
After the death of which political figure, did the Coalition Provisional Authority came into power?
Who is the music composer of Kenny Dies ?
Name the scientist who is known for inventing Anthrax and was a member of Royal Society?
Who were the opponents of the people buried in the tower of London?
How many factions have fought when Egushawa was a commander?
Which terrotory of Tonkin campaign also the death bed of Thophane Vnard ?
Name the scientist whose supervisor also supervised Mary Ainsworth?
By what style was Providence Chapel, Charlwood made?
How many titles were given to people who engaged in the Operation Dragoon?
Who is the stockholder of Paphos International Airport ?
How many other important things has the painter of Sarah Jane Adventures done?
Count all the universities who participated in the tournament won by Alabama Crimson Tides in 2015 ?
Did Raymond Picard take birth in Paris?
What is the currency of the country of Kerguelen Islands?
What is the region of Lumberjack ?
For which country did Alexander Lippisch design airplanes?
Where did george f hoar and willian langer spend the most important time of their political career?
What were the occupations of Marcus Floyd?
Whihc birthpalce of Svetlana Gounkina is also the largest city of Union State ?
What is the country whose speaker of the Dewan Rakyat is Pandikar Amin Mulia?
Who is the Pole driver of 1997 Canadian Grand Prix ?
To which series does the book belong which came after the Blade Runner 2?
How many different things are used as ingredients in Sweden?
Which company's cars are assembled in Colombia?
In which places do companies founded in Newcastle operate?
Who composed the lyrics of Holler If Ya Hear Me ?
Which ground of 2016 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season is the palce of birth of Kaitlyn Ashley ?
Musical artists who are associated with Ren & Angela were born where ?
Under which president did Loretta Ucelli and Ann Lewis hold an office?
What are the things whose director of photography died in United States?
Paul Leonard's work can be divided into how many series?
List the mountains of the range Sierra Nevada (U.S.) located in California?
Where did Marvo originate?
Which sects people are part of local political parties which fall under the International Muslim Brotherhood?
Whose predecessor had Jenny Macklin as a deputy ?
In which company's boards does the founder of Bomis sit?
Who narrated the albums in which Harry Nilsson performed?
How many religion's commanders have served in the Royal Thai Army?
What do craig Van tilbury and karen Grigorian do for a living?
What is the hub of Wan Air ?
What is the debut team of Tom O'Malley ?
Name the Pole driver of 1994 Spanish Grand Prix ?
Who was the First Driver of 1999 San Marino Grand Prix ?
Is Denver the largest city of Colorado?
List the universities from a country where Norwegian language is officially accepted.
Which is the largest city of Union State ?
Where is the tunnel, which is operated by BNSF railways?
What is the mascot of the military unit in which Ronald Wilson served?
Name the capital of Barony of Caux ?
Who battled under commander Egushawa in a conflict?
In which country is Bocas del toro a capital of some region?
List the launch site of the rockets whose one of the launch site has been Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 26 ?
What products are made by Tehran based companies?
What are some causes of death of European Americans?
Name the movie whose screenplay is by Akiva Goldsman and directed by Joel Schumacher ?
List the writers of Tales of Suspense ?
Which settlement's neighboring municipalities are Cologny and Pregny-Chambsy?
In how many nations can I find people related to the feminist movement?
Name the home ground of 2015 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
What kind of things are on the radio stations affiliated with the Baltimore Ravens?
Count the awards won by the people who graduated from the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
Which current member of Insect vs Robots is also the music composer of Kenny Dies ?
who was the president under which Joe Purcell is a lieutenant?
Name the narrators of the album which has been narrated by Alan Thicke ?
Where did Georges Wolinski and Judson Huss die/
Which city is known for the people working in the western penn hospital?
Which pole driver of 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix was also the first driver of 1993 European Grand Prix ?
Which team won the American Football League?
Does the Jordan River start in the Golan Heights?
Give me all office holders who finally retired in Montpelier, Orange, Virgina?
what is the headquarters of Juan Dalmau Ramerez?
Name the wine regions of Bogdanua ?
In which company is Raymond Conner at an important position?
In which city are the schools whose district is Mumbai Suburban?
Which military people served their allegiance to Union (American Civil War)?
Name the actors of the TV show which has an episode named The Five ?
Where are the National Academy Museum and School awardwinners buried?
Give me a count of movies whose film editor is Anthony Harvey?
Which species' members are there in the animal kingdom?
What is the common location of tomb of the Elizabeth of Rhuddlan and Isabel of Cambridge?
Is camel of the chordate phylum?
Which company had built the rockets launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17?
Who is the leader of Allgemeine SS ?
How many important works have been done by Russel Davies?
What are the former team of the american football players who played at gridiron football position ?
What is the birth name of Putri Raemawasti ?
What is the meaning of the Isa (name) which is also a relegion of Sacred Heart Convent School (Bangkok) ?
Who are the managers of clubs participating in the 2014-2015 Football League Championship?
From where does the river Upper Neretva start flowing?
Which official residence of Nikos Pateras is also the stadium of anionios G.S.S. season 2014-15 ?
Joe Shuster has created how many comics character ?
In which part of the world can i find Xynisteri and Mavro?
What are the awards won by the parent of Daniel Bergmans?
What is the country of the Hirth Acrostar and the Cobra missile?
What did Steven T Mason's father die from?
Collect and return a list of things in the area where Spanish language is used?
What made jo garcia and merritt cabal both famous?
Is GIMP written in C?
What are all the countires where food related to tuna salad is consumed ?
Who is the founder of Pittsburgh ?
How many different genres led to other genres where drums are important?
How many people have played for the NBA?
Name the river whose source location is Nevado Mismi and region is Arequipa Region?
Where is the headquarters of the public transit system which operators Go-to-card ?
How many people played for Newell's Old Boys?
What is the citizenship of Ren Romano ?
Where was the company who is the operator of Harihar Airport founded ?
Which architect of the Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay is the branch of the Burnet R. Maybank?
To which american football teams does the Heinz Field serve as home stadium?
What is the official name of Colorado wine ?
Who wrote the US steel hour?
What is the occupation of the band members of The Shirelles?
Which tv series have a score composed by judy hard angelo?
Count the total number of cast member of the television shows whose actress is Joey McIntyre?
Name the TV show with artist Christopher Franke and cast member Jason Carter ?
What is the former partner of the figure skaters whose current partner is Alexa Scimeca?
Name the office holder with successor as Adrian A Basora and child as Lori Black ?
Name all the broadcast area of the TV stations which has Rodrigues as one of the broadcast area ?
What band has Joe Hahn and Chester Bennington?
In which cities are there american football teams where Matt Snorton played?
With which musical artist is the producer of Spotlight associated ?
Name the office holder whose constituency is Noe Valley, San Francisco and belongs to military unit USS Kittiwake (ASR-13)?
How many awards have the french people received?
Where is the VP buried, which was served by Frederick Cooke?
What is the sea connected to Oulu and Turku?
does the US navy have the structure of command of us department of defence?
What country did the successor of William Ofori Atta swear his oath to?
Through which label has Katy B released her singles?
What are some awards given to the french people?
What is the route end of Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway ?
Where is Lao Plaza Hotel located?
What is the municipality of Homestead Grays Bridge ?
In how many nations does Rhaetian Railways own train stations?
Where are the burial grounds of Willem Cornelis Janse van Rensburg and Thomas Franois Burgers?
Which fictional character sculpted by Josh Friedmann was portrayed in Terminator 3 ?
Who had headed the governmental agencies whose admin HQ was in Niederkirchnerstrasse?
In which city was the company founded , which owns Grasim Bhiwani Textiles?
Which region of Bannock is the origin od Spaghetti squash ?
Who is the opponent of United States House of Representatives elections in Ohio, 2010 ?
Which district of Robert William Wilcox os the place of birth of Kamaloohua ?
Name the commander of Battle of the Thames ?
Name the states which have been billed by the wrestlers who has also billed Georgia ?
Which country has outflow of Lake Uniamsi and inflows of the Cahora Bassa?
Count the number of sport played by the school which also plays Association football ?
Which city's neighboring municipalities are Lancy and Pregny-Chambsy?
Give me the total number of Guests of the television episodes whose one of the Guests is Michael Cristofer?
Were the 1995 south pacific games hosted in tahiti?
Which division of the Runewaker Entertainment is also the destinations of the Airtours International Airways?
Give me an estimate number of races where horses grandsired by the Wild Risk have raced in?
List the awards won by the cinematographer of Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
Where is the garrison of Western Naval Command ?
Count the number of books whose author's were born in Alcal de Henares ?
List the film starring of the movies whose editor is Harvey Rosenstock ?
What is the name of the person who has relations with Dionne Warwick and Gary Garland?
Which military battles are associated with Israel?
Which city has it's landmark as Cheasty Boulevard South?
Which region of English American is also the palce of Death of Brent Darby ?
Who are the architect of the stadium whose one of the architect is louis D. Astorino ?
What are some short story kind of Books?
Give me the sitcoms where Eliza Schneider and Isaac Hayes gave voice?
Who is the fictional character whose family member is Padme Amidala?
Which notable series of Russell T Davies is also the series of Short Trips: A day in the life ?
Who employed the person famous for the Boeing fa18ef Super Hornet?
List the relatives of clay Aiken ?
List the resting place of the people who served in Norwalk Trainband.
Which are the cities on the river which also flows in Tukwila, Washington ?
List all the narrator of the albums which had Alan Barzman as one of the narrator ?
Mazhar Ul Haq High School, Beerwah is affiliated to Islamic Religion
In which state does the university which is the alma mater of Mateusz Morawiecki lie?
Give me all tv shows which are based in boston and massachusetts?
Who is married to a Miss Louisiana, USA?
Who has produced movies that have a James Horner score?
What is the birth place of the astronaut whose mission was the Vostok programmer?
What team did the players start their careers with, who right now play for Fleisher Yarn?
List the significant buildings of the arch. whose one of the important work is Government Building, Kiev ?
What is the alma mater of Fikret Orman?
Name the company which produces both Boeing F/A-18 E/F Hornet nad CH-46 Chinook ?
Count all the awards which were presented by something located in California.
what are some players of England national football team?
Where did the aristocrats die whose mother was Maria Ludwika Krasiska?
What are the other notable work of the executive producer of The Runaway Bride episode of Doctor Who?
What is the subject of The Prodigal son ?
What water bodies are nearest to Helsinki city?
Find the total number of ingredient of the recepies whose ingredient is common Mushroom ?
Who is the meaning of Isa ?
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi also provides services of Nintendo eShop ?
What is the official language of Ladonia, which is the target area of Probus Journal?
How many teams have used the stadiums which have been rented by the Canadian Hockey team?
Name the movie who has screenplay by Akiva Goldsman and is edited by Mark Stevens ?
How many TV shows are similar to the ones belonging to fantasy genre?
Is facebook a public company?
What religions are followed by economists?
Is Rajya Sabha a house of parliament in India?
Was Gerald Gibbs the cinematographer of X the unknown?
List the architect of the buildings whose one of the architect is Philip Webb?
List the trainers of Shinya Aoki ?
How many software run on operating system is Microsoft Windows?
How many teams have rented stadiums in Canada?
Where was Babita born ?
Give me the mascot of the military unit in which Stewart Bovell served?
Name some politicians buried in a place near Orange Virginia?
What is the sea whose cities are Gdask and Oulu?
Which manufacturer of Ford Y-block engine is the parent of Ford Air Transport Service ?
How many games have a composer who worked for the Creatures?
How many awards have been given to the participants of the Lawrence Realization Stakes?
Total number of places where people drafted in the detroit pistons have died?
Where did Paul Jones do his highschool?
Which state is the birth location of Ann Monroe Gilchrist Strong?
Bud Adams owns which american football team?
Which licensee of EXXV-TV is also the licensee of WXXV-DT2 ?
Give me all martial artists trained by Joe Schilling.
What magazine published Allal and is the employer of Peter Bergman?
List few musical artist whose notable instruments are Ludwig Drums and Remo?
Name the common institution of the Erica Frank and Douglass North?
Who commanded the invasion of Buwat and made Fatima bint Sa'd famous?
What is the ethicity of Ted Falon?
Who are the astronauts associated with NASA?
Name the person whose mother name is Cedella Booker and has a son named Sharon Marley?
Which kind of buildings are found in England?
What is the county seat of Moscow Governorate ?
ARM Architecture acts as a game platform for how many things?
What all has been created by Jerry Siegel?
Is David Cameron the prime minister of Nick Clegg?
Cricket is played by which countries' citizens?
What things have founded place as United States and New Mexico?
Does Saneh Lungkeaw play for the Thailand's national team?
Who all have been presenters on shows by the NBC?
What tv shows were born out of a collaboration of playtone and dreamworks?
Who all have written songs that were then recorded in the Criteria Studios?
What are all the religions that have been followed by the Sir Lankan attorneys?
What are the central characters in spy kids series?
Name the common former team of Marv mcFadden and Carlos Emmons ?
Through how many labels has Katy B released her singles?
Which newspaper is owned by people living in Oslo?
How many people have written for Gangan Comics?
Is William H Blanchard buried in Colorado?
Name a company with key person as Dennis Muilenburg and Raymond Conner ?
Name the common institute of Robert hall and Erica Frank ?
What award was won by the father of Angelina Jolie?
What were robert sarvis and JAck Ryan nominated for ?
List the ideologies of the party of Boonchu Rojanastien?
How many other important work has been done by the writers of Sarah Jane Adventures?
What are the hubs of PLUS Helicopter Services, a highway helicopter unit of PLUS Expressways?
Is GIMP written in GTK+?
What is the common place where USS Camp DE-251 was built, and is one of the destinations of Emerald Air?
Whose families are Buccinoidea and Buccinidae?
In how many places are the tombs of people who died in Connecticut Colony?
Who are the shareholder of the soccer club for whom Steve Holland plays?
How many shows are aired on Comedy Central?
Whose theme music is composed by the band one of whose member is Les Claypool?
Where does the river flow into which begins in Lebrsnik?
Where did the conflict take place where Liu Mingchuan fought?
What is the colour of Xocolatlite ?
How many movies are directed by the spouse of Dolores del Ro?
Name the loocation of Lekh Castle which is also the location of SamurAbsheron channel ?
Which planet was first discovered by Johann Gottfried Galle?
what mountains are in sierra nevada?
Was True Grit a novel of the western genre?
Who is the nominee of Jack Ryan ?
Name the wine regions of Baco noir?
Which religion is followed by the PM who was served by Chea Sim?
What are the television shows of a company headquartered in Geneva?
Name the president of Wyche Fowler ?
Name the parts of the settlements which has New Braunfels as one of the parts ?
How many party are there of the office holders whose one of the party is Janata Dal ?
Who is the headcoach of 2014-15 Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team ?
name the home stadium of FC Spartak Moscow season 2011-12
How many causes of death have been associated with American citizens?
Give me a list of everyone who married the musicians signed up with Pablo Records?
Is Bluebird the grandsire of Miss Potential?
Which interest of Philip Novak is the relegion of Vesak ?
Is semnani one of the languages spoken in Iran?
List everyone who got their training in the city of California?
Which movies's screenplay is written by Akiva Goldsman
Who made the singles on the famous album Aida?
Who is the associate of Thomas Bryan Martin ?
What sport played in Polytechnic uni of San Juan has also made advocate nasiruddin famous?
Where is the fictional character from, whose last appearance was in the Avengers, 1998?
List the academic discipline of the journals whose one of the discipline is neuro imaging ?
Which countries were led by Pietro Parolin?
was the first national bank and trust building architectured by Chicago?
Where does the road starting from Madison, Wisconsin end?
What are the movies with Daniel Waters as screenwriter?
What sports are played in schools in the capital region?
Where are the tombs of alumni of ational academy museum and school?
What beverage was launched by Ferrero SpA?
What are the movies written by Nick Castle?
Name the TV show with Simon Fuller as artist and Fox as the channel ?
How many bands began in Birmingham?
How many athletic associations are there in all of the private universities?
Which licensee of the WRVU is also the alma mater of the Todd J. Campbell ?
Which currency of Republic of Montenegro is also the currency of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands ?
Name the Chris Marve's school ?
Which set of researchers won the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society award?
In how many areas do the networks broadcast, which also broadcasts in North Carolina?
Name the movie whose director of photography is Gregg Toland and Bernard Herrmann was the music composer?
What city gave birth to Mishal Raheja and also houses New India Assurance?
What are the awrds won by Laemmle Theatres ?
People of which religion have been the members of parliament, and are from the Kalutara Electoral district?
Name a company with one of the key person as Edwin Catmull and produces RenderMan?
Give me a count of movies distributed by Warner Bros?
Name the Fox TV show judged by Rand Jackson ?
Who owns the broadcast network founded by CNN?
From how many different cities have people gone to the Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball?
Name the television show with opening theme as Te Deum and is composed by Marc-Antoine Charpentier?
What is the name of the river whose mouth country is Mozambique and source region is North-Western Province, Zambia?
Did nokia 215 has the series 30+ OS?
Sampson Cudjoe plays for the Ghana national team?
How many owners owned the clubs participating in the Premier leagues of '14?
What is the producer of the television shows whose channel is CBBC?
List the interest of the scientists whose one of the field is Chinese poetry ?
Which writer of A literary Nightmare also extended the work of The Apple tree ?
Whihc uni did Joshua A. Siegel attend ?
How many licensee are there, of the radio stations whose area is Nashville, Tennessee ?
Who has a child named Lori Black and is resting place as Palo Alto, California?
Who is the artist of the album which has the song I Can't Change the World ?
What are the movies whose cast members are signed up with Point Blank Records?
What is the successor of PlayStation 4
How many people are in the band with Juelz Santana?
To which series does Lost special belong to ?
In which country is the Duong river?
List the awards won by the film director of Chicken Run?
Was Elton John a chairman of a Watford FC Season?
Which band's past member are Joe Jonas and Nick Jonas?
What is the religious affiliation of Neungin High School?
List the common official language of the ladonia and Empire of Atlantium ?
What is the name of the characters created by Frank Miller?
Does the stylistic origins of Plena lie in the Caribbean?
From which genres of music did those genres emerge where drums are important?
What is the service of the Laemmle Theatres and is also the award of the Jos Rivera (playwright)?
Whci co founder of Sea gayle Music is also the artist of Brad Paisley Discography /
Whose album is Haiti, I am sorry?
In which other places are there companies which are in Ontario, too?
What is the american football league whose champion is from Kansas City, Missouri?
Where did the music genre of Harry and the Potters originate?
For which other teams have the past Boston Bruins members played?
Who directed The Haunted House ?
For how many movies are there whose musicians home town is in Volos ?
Who used to skate with the pupils of Laureano Ibarra?
What is the religion of the member of parliament who is a relative of Sarathchandra Rajakaruna?
what awards have been given to A. Peter Dewey?
What television show is magistrated by Harry Connick, Jr.?
Which Texas based company was founded by Jim Harris ?
From how many different places did the weapons used in the American Indian wars originate?
From where does the river start, which flows into the Conowingo dam?
List all the parents of writers coming from the Great Missenden ?
What state has a Brideun School for Exception Children and is the birthplace of B J Crombeen?
What is the total number of politicians whose predecessor's deputy is Jenny Macklin?
Count all the shows whose music composers are in Oysterhead.
Which awards have Ingmar Bergman won?
In which timezone does Khok Kwang lie?
What is the scientist whose PhD students are Erich Bagge and erban ieica?
How many bands have members currently playing the Fender Stratocaster?
Which country has leaders Karu Jayasuriya and Ranil Wickremesinghe?
List the software which uses Microsoft Windows as their operating system ?
What is the deathplace of people who have worked in Ethics?
How many religions have the relatives of waxiangs followed?
Where did Louis chevrolet die ?
who married crystal harris?
What kind of games does Blizzard games develop?
Who is the parent of FD Roosevelt JR?
Which expertise of the Menetries's warbler is the nationality of the Jeyhun Abiyev ?
In how many places can I find wine made of Vitis vinifera grapes?
What have been made in the state whose capital is Boston?
Name the royalty whose spouse was Cleopatra V of Egypt and one of his parent was Ptolemy XII Auletes?
What is the information appliance whose successor is PlayStation 4 and maker is Foxconn?
List all the bands which have members of the band Guy in them?
Name the officeholder who hasa child named Augustus and has an associate named Marcus Bibulus ?
Which route junction of the Rhode Island Route 15 is the place of birth of the Michael Poulin?
Name a fictional character whose relative is Uncle Henry and species is Human?
Which show's theme music composer's label is MapleMusic Recordings?
List down the schools whose mascot is an animal from the order of Even toed Ungulates?
What is the draft team of Dale Mitchell (ice hockey) ?
Was the skeleton dance animated by Walt Disney?
To which educational institutions did Lesli Sanchez go for her studies?
Who was the coach of 1972 Oakland Raiders season ?
What are Jerry Bock's musicals based upon?
The president who was in office when Lee Hyun Jae was the PM followed which religion?
How many developers make softwares for Unix like operating systems?
Name the rive whose mouth is located in Limerick and location is Dowra?
What religion does roshan ranasinghe and nhiek tioulong follow?
Name the scientist who become the part of Royal Society and had academic advisor as Karl Ewald Hasse?
What is the place where the mayor's wife is Jean-Marc Germain?
What is the religion of the ones in the Kampuchean Union of Salvation?
List the employments of people who died in Tampa, Florida.
Which parent organization of GetTV is also the label of next thing ?
List the destination of Novair International Airways ?
How many states are in the Mediterranean Basketball Association?
What is the ethnicity of the people working for the Philippines house of representatives?
Name some people who are buried in a place governed by the US Department of the Interior?
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Frasier and opening theme is Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
What things canonized John of Damascus and and also venerated the Edwin of Northumbria ?
Where is the football team located in which Josh Bell did his debut?
Who was engaged in wars of Fort Gadsden and Fort Barrancas?
List the religions of the commanders of Royal Thai Army.
The president served by Haqqi al-Azm died where?
What are some awards given to people who were born in sweden?
Name the office holder who was married to Dolley Madison and has resting palce as Montpelier ?
Is Hard Candy Fitness one of the divisions of Moscow?
What are the awards won by the person who is an authority of Latania verschaffeltii ?
Is WP 8.1 the OS on Lumia 830?
Which parent comapny of hypnotize Minds is the label of the Producers , a 2005 film ?
Which companies make cars with a front engine, rear wheel drive layout?
Name the software whose operating system is Mac OS and programming language is C++ ?
Do the polet airlines fly to moscow?
Is Trevor Peacock the narrator of Fred Claus?
In which state is the alma matter of Jan Paulsen located ?
Name some islands in a pacific archipelago?
List few authors whose education took place in Saint Petersburg ?
What all are written in the C programming language?
List the producer of the TV shows whose company is HBO.
What is the alma mater of the senator who is the successor of Warren Magnuson ?
Is Andrew Lincoln the narrator of Million Dollar Traders?
What is the mascot of Blytheville High School ?
List all the operators of the train who operates in Budapest ?
List the names of the soccer club seasons whose division is 2012 Campeonato Brasileiro Srie A.
Is Eddie Bravo the trainer of Alan Jouban
What is the content licence of MSX BASIC ?
What are some common ingredients used in Swedish dishes?
Where did the genres originate, which were in the Harry and the Potters album?
Into which water bodies does Lake Uniamsi outflow?
What is the mascot of the army unit whose commander is Peter Cosgrove ?
Whose former teams are Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
Name the river with mouth palce Essex and source place as Gloucestershire ?
Who was the narrator of the show who's music is composed by John Douglas?
Where was the current champion of Egyptian Open born ?
Was Castillo discovered by Galileo?
What are the notable commanders of the army whose one of the notable commanders is Paul Hausser?
Who are the chancellors of universities which is affiliated with Plymouth University?
What common relegion affiliation exists for udit Raj and Wickramabahu Central College ?
Name the console whose successor is PlayStation 4 and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
What are the common sports played by jamiatu Muslim mindanao and Polytechnic University of Philippines Taguig ?
Among the countries using Aureus as currency which had Nicomedia as an important place ?
British people have edited which movies?
Where did chancellor served by Rudolf Kirchschlger die?
Who are the trainersof Candice Michelle?
Does StandBy records distribute via Sony?
Name the music artist which collaborated with the spouse of Jessi Colter?
Which notable commanders of the Army Group Oberrhein (Germany) is the leader of the Kriminalpolizei?
Who is the prime minister of the successor of Kingsley Wood?
which band was Roger waters in?
Is Seattle the Ship builder of USS Marmora (IX-189)?
What is the region of Kim Sawchuk ?
Which colored race horses have won the Grand National?
Was Beth Tweddle primarily coached by Amanda Reddin?
What is the television show whose judges is Randy Jackson?
What is the Band whose band member is Mark Middleton?
Was the cover of The adventures of Tom Sawyer designed by Mark Twain?
Which president of William Eustus also married to Dolley Madison ?
Is Charles Drummond Ellis a doctoral student of James Chadwick?
How many kings and queens have died in the Arabian Peninsula?
Name a movie with actor as Momoko Kchi and music by Akira Ifukube?
Who are relatives of Ozzy Osbourne and Kelly Osbourne?
What is the purpose of New Zealand Chess Federation ?
Who manages the operator of Norman Park Branch, CTA?
Name the HBO TV show written by Erik jendresen ?
What team did Joe Porter and Eddie Anderson play for?
Whay common comic is written by Karakuri Dji Ultimo and narrated by The Incredible Hulk ?
What are the movies whose director of photography is Jordan Cronenweth?
Under which presidents have politicians from the Continental army served?
Which city has radio stations which are Religious ?
Producers of what have died in Mississippi?
Those seasons which have been played in Fort Lauderdale Florida now host their games where?
How many universities are there whose country's capital is Oslo?
Name some sports played in institutions of Maharashtra?
Current players of Colorado Avalanche have previously played for how many different teams?
Was 2658 Gingerich invented in Harvard?
How many other people are in a band with Robert de Niro?
Who created the stadiums who have been rented by the Boston Red Sox?
What is the mascot of the unit whose garrison is Canberra ?
Horses sired by Karinga Bay have participated in which races?
Is Philosophy the academic discipline of Think (journal)?
What is the highschool of the american football player who joined the Robert Morris Colonials program?
Which clubs play in the La Liga?
Who are the parents of writers born and bred in Buckinghamshire?
What is the radio show created by Timoteo Jeffries, about?
Who is associated with the musical artists from Africa '70 (band) and Tony Allen ?
How many religions are followed by the group whose architectural style can be seen on Sanggar Agung?
What are the relatives of the rugby player one of whose relatives is Nick Williams?
Name the other wine region of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Michigan?
Which shows' opening themes was used to make If We Were a Movie?
Where is the venue of the History of Penny Arcade Expo located?
Which European Broadcasting Union's TV show has opening theme as Te Deum ?
Which companies makes cars assembled in Karachi, Pakistan?
Who is the president of Carl Stokes nad Wyche Fowler ?
Does GeneWeb have the GPL license?
Josef Bhler belongs to which political party?
Name the famous employee of open society foundations ?
Where is the headquarters of Sigma TV
What is the affiliation of Lumbini Bauddha University ?
What are the death place of the models whose hair color was Red?
Which city amongst the one which belongs to Boundary Dam was the palce for Soccer Bowl '76 ?
What are the beverages whose origin is England?
List down the opponents of Frank Stilwell?
What is the label of I Pray on Christmas ?
Which company owns GetTV and Hypnotize minds ?
How many subjects are covered in the publications of Doubleday?
Miguel de Cervantes wrote the musical extended from which book?
Is Olyokma River the right tributary of Lena River?
What is the debut team of the football player whose college is UCLA Bruins football?
What is the capital of the region which maintains the South Park Bridge ?
Who has military branches are Colonial troops and Continental Army?
In how many places has Don R. Berlin worked?
Was Heinrich Himmler ever a commanders of Army Group Oberrhein?
What is the company whose one of the key person is Dennis Muilenburg and produces Boeing CH-47 Chinook ?
Name the cause of death of Martino Martini ?
What is the stylistic origin of the music genres where the Bass guitar is important?
What is the label of Next Thing ?
Name the scientist whose doctoral supervisor's doctoral student is John Bowlby?
Where did the office holder who is predecessor to Marco Aurelio Robles died ?
What are some other children of the father of Marvin Bush?
Which writer has childrens named Mother Mary Alphonsa and Julian Hawthorne?
List all the schools of the rugby player whose went to school named Pietermaritzburg ?
What are some other products of the banks which makes Postbanken?
What are some cartoons distributed by a subsidiary of Time Warner?
What are the things whose mascots are from the class Eutheria?
What is the total number of fictional characters whose created by Greg Daniels and series is The Office (U.S. TV series)?
Name the are where South side Elevated Railroad operate and has place of birth as Arthur A. Ross ?
Fairfield, Connecticut is hometown to which persons?
Which borough of the Corringham railway station is also the local authority of Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
Where is the tombstone of Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom?
Which administrative region leader is Sukhumbhand Paribatra and was founded by Rama I?
Who owns the bridge which crosses the Orange Line of MBTA?
Who designed Oddamavadi Bridge?
What are the television shows whose company is European Broadcasting Union?
Is Luigi Brugnaro the mayor of Venice?
List all important people of the non profit organization which has Hilary Clinton as a key person ?
Where did Allama Matthews study?
Politicians born in Bangalore are now in which parties?
What is the nationality of the chancellor who was served by Michael Mayr?
Is joel quenneville the main coach of Chicago Blackhawks?
Quebec born ice hockey players have stopped playing for which teams?
How many genres gave birth to other genres which emphasize Bass Guitars?
Which info. appliance is manufactured by Asus and is the predecessor of PS 2?
Where do employees of Deroit Red Wings live?
Who developed the software for the operating system of Macintosh Quadra 660AV ?
Who is the writer with notable works like Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer?
How many politicians are there from the city of Ganges?
What genre's softwares are released with a GNU GPL license?
How many shows are made by Playtone?
Name the monarch of L Buwei ?
Which soccer clubs are in the Liga Divisi Utama?
Who were the commanders during the events which took place in Sandusky County, Ohio?
What religion is practiced by Hirunika Premachandra, and many others south asians in Hong Kong?
What are the movies whose editor died in Westwood, Los Angeles?
Who is the distributer of Rev ?
In how many places can I find people who were the architects of the Dundas Castle?
Which TNT show has Christopher Franke as artist?
List all that flows into the north sea?
List the relatives of Lyubov Dostoyevskaya ?
Where did the genres originate which can found in The Mudbloods?
List all the record label distributed by the distributor of Zune ?
Count the movies in Swedish language?
Name the artist of Brad Paisley discography ?
From how many works is the musical derived, whose lyrics are written by Sheldon Harnick?
In which fields are pupils of Edouard Chavannes working?
Name the borough of the Bordesley railway station which is also the route end of the Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway?
List all discipline of the journals whose one of the discipline is Cerebral blood flow ?
How many politicians live in India?
Matthew kane and Park rankin are citizens of which country?
In how many places can I find people whose alma mater was in bachelor of arts?
Which maintainer of Cheasty Boulevard South is also the city of Soccer Bowl' 76 ?
Whose associate is Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus and has predecessor as Lucius Cornelius Lentulus Crus?
Who is the producer of the device which is the operating system of Now TV ?
What was the stadium of Panionios G.S.S. in 2014-15 season ?
Where is the debut team of Shaquil Barrett located?
What are the musicals based on, whose lyricist was Shelon Harnick?
Who wrote a rose for emily?
Which were the philosophers whose primary interest was Natural philosophy?
Which animator of Tommy Ticker's Tooth is also the director of The Haunted house ?
Who is relative of the people died in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp ?
How many games are played at universities affiliated with the Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning?
From which country did the Mauritius bank and the national commerce bank emerge?
Was the Lotuspool Records distributed by Napster?
List all the artist of albums which have been produced by Stephen Kozmeniuk ?
Count the tenants of the stadiums designed by Populous?
Where does the network cofounded by Seewoosagur Ramgoolam air its shows?
Which sports exist in the universities whose president is Emanuel de Guzman?
Count the different number of academic areas covered by publications of SAGE?
Which memeber of South Asia SubRegional Economic cooperation is also the nationality of Aishath saffa ?
What faiths are followed by the relatives of Meadow Soprano?
What is the purpose of Maharashtra Chess Association ?
What is the address of Federal Reserve Bank Building?
Where did the scientist study whose doctoral thesis was supervised by Leonard Lerman?
What is the common official residence of Lezlee Westine and Arnold W. Braswell?
Louis Dunbar is the coach of which basketball team ?
Do the White Plains Road lie in the Bronx county?
Which river flows through Hudson Highlands State park and also through Troy, New york ?
Is US Navy garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia?
Which university attended by Franklin W. Olin was also the alma mater of Patty Lin ?
What river is it whose source is Dowra?
Who was the voice actor of allen walker also gave voice to kimihiro watanuki?
What is the country of origin of the president of Skai group?
Name the company who owns HBO division?
What is the launch site of Aquarius (rocket) ?
Name the movies distributed by Cinema International Corporation and edited by Hulian Doyle ?
Name a writer who was educated in Saint Petersburg and had a son named Lyubov Dostoyevskaya ?
What is the source location of Thornton Creek ?
What are shows whose theme music composer's home town is New York?
What is the common relegion of Miao people and the country where Guru Purnima is celebrated ?
Where did the relatives of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla study?
List the magazines published by Playbow Enterprises ?
Is the song Killing is Out, School is in belong in the The Next Step?
What are some dishes from the family of dishes which primarily use flour?
Who is the author of Heroman is also the author of Karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
Which appliance's CPU is Cell (microprocessor) and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
Name the television show which was developed by Brian Graden and distributed by Comedy Central?
Was Blade Runner cinematographed by JordanCronenweth?
What team had the debut of Marv Throneberry and Curt Coleman?
Count the number of software which runs on Microsoft Windows and mac OS ?
What has Carl Sagan written his books about?
How many characters are there in The Office?
What is the place of death of the lieutenant of Frank Steunenberg?
What are the awards won by the film editor of World of Tomorrow ?
Giuseppe Bertello and Pietro Parolin are leaders of which place ?
What are some TV shows similar to the one produced by Susie Liggat?
How did the child of Stevens T. Mason die?
What is the faith of Kwai Chang Caine ?
Which soccer players are currently playing for NYC FC?
Where does the river end which starts in Mazabuka?
How many things are located in Ridgewood, New Jersey?
Name the mountain located in California and has parent peak as Nevado de Toluca ?
What award has been given to Roy Walker as well as Walt Disney?
Name the branch of Carroll E. Lanier ?
List the settlements area whose province is Metropolitan City of Venice ?
Which television show's company is Paramount Television and is located in Boston?
Which magazines were founded by ann Wenner ?
What is the area of ITV (Thailand) ?
Name the presenter of Shirley Temple's Storybook ?
Where was the trainer of Java Gold born?
Is the Vadodara railway junction onwed by Indian Railway Ministry?
Name the common managing club of the Ivan Toplak and Bret Simon?
What are the movies whose editor is Robert Wise?
Name the river on Batoka Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station ?
Race horses whose grandsire is Wild Risk have taken part in which races?
Did Johann Gottfried Galle invent Neptune?
Where is the T.I. Ahmadiyya Girls Senior High School?
How many information appliance are manufactured by companies located in Taiwan?
Which office holder's military unit is USS Kittiwake and constituency is Castro District, San Francisco ?
Which driver came first in the 1993 European Grand Prix ?
Who is the writer of mark twain Tonight ?
Which office holder's military branch is Continental Army and vice president is John Adams?
Into what military organizations is the United States Department of Defense divided?
Who have been the manager of national team of Spain?
Where was James McClure born ?
Name all sitcoms whose theme music is made by Miley Cyrus?
Does the Toyota Verossa have the front engine design platform?
The official residence of Sukhumbhand paribatra ?
What is the debut team of people born in Vargas?
Which companies have Kumho Asiana Group as their parent company?
Was Neil Armstrong on the Gemini 8 mission?
What is the profession of the children of Herbert Pell ?
Name the sitcom with theme music composer as Julian Gingell and channel as Fox Broadcasting Company?
Which nationalist group was responsible for foundation of Young Lords?
What product is made by Sony and Foxconn togather?
Name the death location of Judson Huss ?
What is the country whose leader was once Valentina Matviyenko?
Give me all the alma mater of the relatives of Samuek Moreno Rojas ?
Is Julia Gillard the prime minister of Kate Lundy?
Where does Truman McGill Hobbs, United States District Judge live?
What is the country whose leader name is Grard Larcher?
Name the television program voiced by Isaac Hayes and aired on Comedy Central?
Which company manufactures cars like the Opel Karl ?
How many people have fought wars where Arthur St. Clair was a commander?
Name the mammals which are primate and belongs to family of ape ?
What are some parties which have people from Mangalore as a member?
How many guests have been there on broadway?
What is the county seat of the county which has an Evergreen High School?
What countries used Solidus as currency?
In which areas can I find wine made of Vitis vinifera grapes?
In how many different teams have all those who have played as a defenceman been?
Who discovered Europa and Callisto?
List bacterias whose orde is Bacillales and division is Firmicutes?
Which ceremonial County of the East Tilbury is also the local authority of the Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
What are some other destinations covered by the airlines whose flights go to the Mediterranean sea?
Who was buried at St. Mary's Church and fought the battle of Benedict Arnold's expedition to Quebec ?
How many companies have developed cross platformed softwares?
How many cars are the predecessor of cars similar to the Pontiac G8?
Was Class Conflict an interest of Karl Marx?
What are some famous artists who rocked a Les Paul?
Whichi office of Walter Evnas Edge is also the part of Atlantic seaboard fall lines ?
Which new Mexico based company produces Surface ?
What is the casting of the movie directed by Justin Zackham ?
What is the venue of San Diego Comic-Con International ?
What are some countries where companies headquartered in the Klang Valley operate?
How many different organizations own the railway lines which are a part of Norfolk Southern Railway?
What is the job of the George Arceneaux, Jr. which is also the office of the Blanche Bruce
What are the party of the politicians whose deputy was Chaudhary Devi Lal?
Name the street address of Rhodes-Haverty Building ?
Which royalty's spouse is Ptolemy XIV of Egypt?
Which race is the Best Mate is also the race of the Martin Molony?
List the parts of Greater San Antonio?
Who composed the episode after which came Butter's Very own Episode?
What are some wars fought when Chung Il Kwon as the country's prime minister?
List down all the baseball teams whose team manager was a Catcher?
Was the body of Elsie Paroubek discovered in Chicago?
who operates the south side elevated railroad?
Did Dean Wurzberger manage a club at the santa clara university?
Who wrote the play in which Blanche DuBois is a character?
Which founding cities of Young Americans Bank is also the location of Denver Broncos ?
What is the college of Malik Ausean which is also the college of Kyle Fuller ?
Name the university with affiliations as Graham Holdings Company and campus at Indiana?
How many people have worked for teams chaired by Patricia Amorim?
Is the hyundai elantra related to hyundai lavita?
Who designed the stadiums which have been rented by Oakland athletics?
Which team did Michael and Ryan Powell play for?
How many different people have been in any political seat in places which are under the Indian Standard timezone?
Who manufactured the Delta III and the Space Shuttle?
Which nation hosts the WTA Tour Championships?
Which broadcast area of CFRX is also the palce of birth of Anthony Raymond ?
Bridges over which rivers are made of Wrought Iron?
Give me the total number of lines owned by owner of Mwtro-Noth Railroad ?
Where was Liliya Lobanova born?
Count the different genres of music made by Argentinian bands?
For how many PMs did the politician work, whose successor was Kingsley Wood?
Laozi authored which book?
How many head of agencies were there in Nazi Germany?
Which nickname of Lyons Township JHigh school is also the mascot of Galatasaray Handball Team ?
Who wrote the play in which a character called Stella Kowalski exists?
Which award is presented by Downtown Athletic Club?
What are the largest cities in each of the destinations of TranStar Airlines?
Was Love Hurts in Short Cut Draw Blood?
What islands are there on the Greater Antilles archipelago?
How many things belong to phylum of Chordate?
What units are garrisoned in the Pentagon?
Which Tv series led to Frasier?
Count the number of people became famous for when Andrew Jackson was a commander ?
Count the writers whose work has been played in NY?
Was A Jitney Elopement edited by Charlie Chaplin?
Which rivers flow into the lower manhatten?
What is the nationality of the entomologist who is a renowned authority of Smerinthus saliceti ?
Give me the home town of all musical artists who uses Guitar as instrument ?
Does Walson Augustin play as a midfielder?
What are the airline hubs of Cascade Airways?
List the home town of the bands whose label is Alive Naturalsound Records ?
What is the draft team of the Antoine Bibeau and also has player named Nathan Dempsey ?
What is the draft team of Antoine Bibeau ?
What is the location city of Burnside Distribution Corporation ?
How many movies have their music signed up with Sony Music Entertainment.
Name the place of Qaqun ?
Was Marshall Arisman the cover artist in american psycho?
What is the publisher of Lucifer's Hammer ?
The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood is a work of Isaac Newton?
To which branch Edwin F. Hunter belong ?
Who are some cofounders of record labels with Frank Rogers?
Which river's mouth location is Laptev Sea and also Arctic Ocean?
What are some devices whose manufacturers are in taiwan?
People in the royal Thai army follow which religion?
was james watt a mechanical engineer?
Who is known for are Battle of the Thames and War of 1812?
How many groups speak the English Language?
How many owners are there of lines starting at the South Station?
which person created the women in the garden?
Name the basketball players drafted by Los Angeles Clippers ?
What city is located on the mouth of Duwamish River?
Where is the mouth of the river whose tributary is Bjelimika Rijeka ?
Who is the artist of Time Radio hour ?
How many prime ministers did the predecessor of Duncan Sandys serve?
Which party won the elections when Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy was in power?
Which river flows through Central Washington?
Who is the scientist whose academic advisor is Franz Brentano?
Is Henry David Thoreau interested in Politics?
Tandem Computers is the subsidiary of which company?
Which settelment area is the home town of the Danny Felice and Cline Buckens?
Name the office holder who has a child named Lori Black and resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park?
Who appointed the successor of Thomas Bee?
What is the home town of the Band which is the previous work of Sammy Hagar & Friends ?
VP-8 and VP-10 shares which command structure ?
Which person constituency is Duboce Triangle, San Francisco and military unit is USS Kittiwake (ASR-13)?
List the people residing in Wilton, Connecticut?
Is Ethics the main interests of Henry David Thoreau?
Name the other party of Chandra Shekhar ?
How many people are buried in Arlington National Cemetery?
Does Fa'a' International Airport serve tahiti too?
Which animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth is also the film director of Alice's Wonderland ?
What was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld?
Which license of the Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group
Who does Cam PLante plays for ?
For everyone who died in paris, count their different fields of work.
Is the Caterpullar 797F assembled in North America?
Michael Deeley produce how many movies?
Was tupac a member of Outlawz?
Does Dan River flow into the Jordan Valley?
Does Beth Tweddle play for the City of Liverpool gymnast club?
List all the hubs of the airline whose one of the hub is Subang, Indonesia ?
Music of how many things has been given by Akira Ifukube?
To which counties do Jerome avenue and Tremont avenue belong?
Was Krzystof Wielicki the first person that ascended the mt everest?
List the sports played in private universities.
Pointe d'Aveneyre belongs to which mountain range?
Which currency is used by the record label of the Way to Your Heart?
Who is the office holder whose resting place is Monticello?
Name the president whose had relatives in Clinton family and lieutenant named Joe Purcell?
Where is the tombstone of the successor of Edward Wolcott?
Who are the associated musical artist of Carolyn Dennis?
Who oarent organization of Get TV is also the label provider of I Pray on CHristmas ?
What is the resting place of the engineer who was the architect of Plaza on DeWitt?
Is north caucasian emirate have an islamic government?
What is the game whose genre is Mind sport?
How many awards have graduates from the University of Queensland earned?
How many other architect are there of the historic places whose architect is also Stanford White ?
In how many states can one find Burr Tuss kind of bridges?
Name the television show whose theme music is composed by Julian Gingell and broadcasted on FOX ?
What cities are around the valley bordering Lake Mead?
Who wrote A house not meant to stand and Akale?
Through which important cities the does the river originating from the Duwamish, flow?
The fugitive Kind and the Notebook of Trigorin is written by what author?
What are the television shows whose company is owned by Viacom?
Which politicians son is buried in Metairie Cementery?
Who is the operator of AT&T Park ?
What is the origin of Xynisteri?
Who gave the musical score of 9 to 5 (musical) ?
To which students did Ernest Rutherford advised to?
Give me the number of home stadiums of teams managed by John Spencer.
What is the Home Stadium of the Kenya national under-20 football team where Matin Suji was also born ?
What foundation palce of Temenos Group is the death palce of jerzy Jzef Poocki ?
Which company owns the airlines whose hub is in Dubai?
How many people have parterned with the person choroegraphed by Catarina Lindgren in the past?
Who is the monarch of Bertalan Szemere ?
In which city was the film star of Singhasan Battisi born ?
Who all are starring in the movies where director of photography is John Derek ?
Which awards did the children of Erik Bergman won ?
Was Zachary Taylor a commander of the sixth infantry regiment of US?
Name a basketball player with teams as Chicago Bulls and Phoenix Suns?
Who all were venerated in Islam?
Name the state of Timothy J. Roemer ?
What other awards have Becket fund for religious liberty winners received?
List the websites which the authors of Tornado own ?
What is the field of interest of the advisor of Henri Maspero ?
Name some software as a service?
What are some other things developed by the company who made the remote desktop protocol?
Who has his resting place at Plymouth, Vermont and office at Massachusetts House of Representatives?
Which office holder's predecessor is Lucius Cornelius and his associate is Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
What is the location of Dad's Root Beer on Google maps?
Which battle is Jim Jones associated with to which Allen Boyd is also associated ?
For how many teams have the league players of Czech Extraliga, previously played?
List the people educated at Harvard-Westlake School and has resting place as Palo Alto, California?
What is the band with previous members Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
Who offers the services of OneDrive and Outlook.com?
What did other artists associated with the Shirelles make?
Which parent company of the Cornell University Press is also the alma mater of the Mario Garca Menocal?
Count the band members of Skull Gang?
Name the nearest city to David W. Brown House ?
What is the political party to which Purnima Banerjee is a member of?
Who was the president during the time the opponent of John Hospers was in the office?
Whcih land of Citi Trends is also the constituency of Malik Al-Hassan Yakubu ?
In which country does the publishing house exist which was cofounded by Panos Loannides?
List all the awards won by the artist who has won SIGGRAPH ?
Name the work institutions of Andrew Schally?
To which settlement does Elliot Bay belong to?
What are the important buildings of the architect whose one of the significant building is Krasnye Vorota?
In how many regions is the Baco Noir made?
Which movies have their music composed by someone that signed up with RCA Records?
Where does the jurisdiction of European Border and Coast Guard fall?
Which band produced the album Aida?
How many movies have been directed by Orson Welles ?
What do the banks owned by Norwegian ministry of finance produce?
Name the common home port of the Trishna (yacht) and INS Viraat (R22)?
Where is the stadium of Philadelphia Rage ?
What are the television shows whose network's successor is BBC Two?
Which office holder's resting place is William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial and has governor named Charles Willing Byrd?
What organisation regulates and controls the New Sanno Hotel?
In which series do I find Minbari species' characters?
Who designed the language integrated query?
List the associates of bands which have a label by Motown ?
Name the partners of the models whose one of the partner is Thom Evans ?
Is Greg Weeks the band member of Beyond the Sixth Seal?
Who was the vice president under which elizabeth alexander served?
Name the television show voiced by April Stewart and Eliza Schneider?
Is Robin Gibb the singer of Oh! Darling?
Where do networks affiliated with ETC broadcast?
Which borough is common for Duddeston and Bordesley railway station ?
Name the office holder whose final resting place is North Bend and was part of Siege of fort recovery conflict ?
In which state is Goose Lake Valle, which is also part of Lava River Cave ?
In which fields have people born in Lausanne worked?
Name the musician who gave the music in Tonight's the night and is also wedded to Alana Stewart ?
For whom did Michael Springer palyed for which is also had a former student named Donald Brooks ?
Is Roger Federer the flagbearer of Switzerland at the 2004 Summer Olympics?
How many artists have collaborated with famous guitar players?
Which US city can be said to be a part of american mediterranean sea and the biscayne bay?
List the profession of senate whose one of the profession is United States Coast Guard ?
What is the broadcast area of CFRX ?
What have some US citizens died of?
What are some famous veterinary physicians known for?
Does the platte river originate in Colorado?
What is the venerated in of Edwin of Northumbria ?
Is the Hyundai Lavita assembled in Kulim?
Which labels have published songs written by Harry Connick Jr?
What cities are around the sea which flows into Marmara?
Name the sea into which Danish Straits flows and has Kaliningrad as one of the city on the shore ?
What sports team's arena is The Palace of Auburn Hills
ITV employes how many people?
What is the mascot of the military unit whose commander is Herbert Bautista ?
Whihc associate of THomas Bryan Martin is also the founder of Pittsburgh ?
What are the awards won by the film editor of The Search?
Is the national endowment of arts under the jurisdiction of federal government of US?
Was Kevin Rudd the PM of Julia Gillard?
Which country were the people from who became famous for the Ramon Mangsaysay Award?
Which employer of Michael M. Sears is also the producer of Delta III ?
Name some schools with a bison as their mascot?
Guggenheim family is the cofounder of a company that invested stocks in which baseball teams?
Who won the ohio house of representatives, 2010?
Where is the headquarters of the public transit system which owns the American Boulevard (Metro Transit station) located ?
Which current Michigan Wolverines team member debuted in Chicago Bears ?
Who operates Liverpool Playhouse ?
List all the members of the organization whose one of the members is Bangladesh ?
Who owns Torrey Pines Gliderport?
where did Deion Sanders debut?
Which office holder's successor is Adrian A. Basora and child named Lori Black?
List all the school of the rugby player whose one of the school is Michael House ?
Name the tv show with judges Randy Jackson and Jennifer Lopez?
What is the total number of professions in which someone who has suicided worked?
To which country do the players of Waitakere United belong?
How many relatives are there of veterans of operation Barbarossa?
How many leagues have used the O.co Coliseum?
What kind of games are made by Interplay Entertainment?
What is the nationality of Sune Agerschou ?
Where did the spouse of pmare ii die?
What acts and artists are associated with people who have worked with Divertis?
Where do cherry chevapravatdumrong and daisi pollard both live?
How many companies have manufactured the rockets launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station?
Name the former broadcast network of the television station which is the sister stations of WGBC?
Which software uses GTK+ as programming language?
What is the distributing label of StandBy Records ?
How many bands are based in London?
List all the writers of the comics which has Robert Bernstein as one of the writer ?
To which educational institute does Cornell University Press belong to?
Is Robert Boyle a chemist?
What city was recorded in Live in detroit which is also the official residence of ken Holland ?
Which famous physicist was academically advised by Benjamin Pulleyn?
What is the county seat of the district through which the Beckler River flows?
Is Sloth in the Chordate phylum?
Name some local authorities of schools which have a mixed gender education system?
Is Eddie Bravo the trainer of Shinya Aoki?
Name the TV shows related to Babylon 5: The Lost Tales and is aired on Prime TIme Entertainment Networks ?
What is the operating system of the LG Optimus Vu and also the developer of the Dart (programming language)
What are some products manufactured by Sony?
What is the almamater of the successor of F. A. Little, Jr.?
List the alma mater of the person who is wedded to Sissela Bok.
Does Chicago own the Monroe Station?
What have some famous Christians died of?
Does KOMC play Gospel Music?
Name the children of the person who is the star of The Weathered Underground ?
What are some developers which use Emacs Lisp in their projects?
Which rivers start in a country whose leader is Irene Mambilima?
What is the nationality of the successor of Nii Okaidja Adamafio ?
Who are the producers of the movies which has music by Gary Chang ?
Which creation of Josh Friedman was portrayed in Terminator 2 ?
Whose shrines are in a place governed by Justin Trudeau?
What are the movies whose music is given by Laurie Johnson?
Where common region are soylent and bannock sold?
Count the number of other services of the companies which provides the Microsoft Azure as service ?
List the uni. having affiliation with Graham Holding Company and have a campus in Iowa ?
AH141 highway is a part of which country?
Which hub of Cascade Airways is also the resting place of Brandon Lee ?
Where did the employees of American College of Surgeons study?
In how many different places do Starwood hotels and resorts worldwide operate?
Count the number of artist whose pone of the field is writing ?
What are some people born in NY known for?
Who was the head coach of Middlesbrough F.C. season 2006-7 also the coach of England national under 21 footbal team ?
Who is the meaning of the name Isa which was also one of the subject of play The Prodigal Son ?
How many players are in the San Francisco Giants?
Which US state has Dorchester Bay and the Joseph Story?
Mac OS is the operating system of how many things?
Which company developed the language designed by Lars Bak?
Where did Aghasalim Childagh die?
What is the birth location of the advisor of Richard Hofstadter ?
Name the office holder whose constituency are Duboce Triangle and Haight-Ashbury ?
Name the TV shows whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski and executive producer is Douglas Netter?
Name the first driver of 1999 San Marino Grand Prix ?
List the children of the parent of Marvin Bush.
Which Tim Birton's movie has a screenplay by Daniel Waters ?
Who is the stock holder of the bank where Peter Grauer works ?
In which areas did the pupils of Sylvain Levi work?
Which awards have Puerto Ricons won?
Name all the hubs of the airlines whose one of the hubs is Selangir ?
Who starred in Nothing in Common and produced From the Earth to the Moon?
How many parties have come in power in elections where Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy won?
Who is the builder of the Stadium of Costa Rica women's national football team?
Which serving railway line of the Rostov-Glavny is also the place of birth of Nina Vislova?
What is the home town of the musician of Jack your Body ?
What do typically NGOs work for?
What is the residence of the person, who starred in Men Will Be Men ?
List the border of the admin region which shares border with North Korea ?
How many awards have been given to the ones who died of lung cancer?
Which show's network is Prime time Entertainment and has Douglas Netter as executive producer ?
How many countries surround the sea into which the Upper Neratva flow?
Who collaborated with Johnny Cash and Kris Kristofferson ?
Is the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism about Brains?
Name the awards won by Elie Wiesel ?
What is the home stadium of Kenya's women national football team ?
list some shawnee people?
Count the birthplaces of recepients of the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.
What artist of Charing Cross Bridge influenced Dorothea Sharp in her career?
Which military conflict took place in Israel and had commander as Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
Which city is the resting place of the Martin Ragaway and Chuck Connors ?
Which religion is prevalent in the schools of the Ashanti region?
What are some characters of series produced by Ricky Grevais?
List down all the bands to which the writers of 03 Bonnie & Clyde are associated?
What are the television shows whose company is Playtone?
Which mainter of Pandaruan Bridge is also the land of Malaysia junior Hockey league ?
Organization holding stocks of Galician and German wikipedias?
In which broadcast area does the sister station of KFFG air ?
In which companies boards do the writers of Wikitionary belong?
Name the river with mouth as Thames Estuary and passes through Reading Berkshire ?
What is the alma mater of the person, whose child is Samuel Moreno Rojas?
What provides the services of Nintendo eShop and Nintendo Network?
Which Monty Python's movie is distributed by Cinema International Corporation ?
Name the local authority of Trinity School, Brentwood ?
What is the death place of the Abiye Abebe and is the birthplace of the Amsale Aberra?
What is the label of Double Diamond (album) ?
Count the number of cities around the American Mediterranean Sea?
What are some employees of Uni of California, santa cruz?
What is the parent company of PrivateCore?
Over how many cities did the Bellaton MMA, Season 11 take place?
Waddy wachtel did the music for what movies?
Is Baker's Dozen Donuts in the coffee industry?
Who are the writer of the singles whose music genre is Rhythm and blues ?
Name the hockey team which has head coach as Mike babcock and is based in Toronto ?
Which incumbent of Al Gore presidential campaign wass also the president of Mike McCurry ?
What show has writing of Erik Jendresen and Graham Yost?
Which range of mountains are there in canton of Fribourg?
Where in the us military did pierre r graham and edwin f hunter work?
Count the number of ingredient of the foods which have one of the ingredient is Pork ?
In how many different highschools have people schooled in Penn State Nittany Lions football studied?
What are some products of the the company whose subsidiary is Sony Corp shareholders and subsidies?
Who is associated to the predecessor of Dan Mica?
What is the show which opens with Gary Portnoy and Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
What is the birthplace of the netball player who is the relative of Rachel Rasmussen ?
What is the Location of the Dofinivka Estuary which is also the birthplace of the Liliya Lobanova ?
For how many different teams have the players debuted in Houston Astros played?
In which races did the horses of Mon Capitaine take part?
What is the profession of Claiborne Pell ?
Name few TV shows aired by Prime Time Entertainment Network?
What is the ethnicity of the Maike Evers and state of origin of the Theodor Hillenhinrichs ?
Is N. C. Wyeth the illustration by of The Mysterious Stranger?
List the awards given to the key people in Pixar ?
Which fictional character portrayed in Terminator 2: Judgment Day is painted by Josh Friedman?
What is the common ethnicity of the Maike Evers and Francisco Lachowski ?
Count the different religions followed by Second Lieutenants in military.
What is the base currency of the country which operates the Marion Dufresne?
Journals of how many fields can be found in US?
What nicknames do the universities in Norton, Massachusetts have?
What is the official residence of the senator who is the deputy of Everett Dirksen?
Which office holder's resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park and Henry E. Catto, Jr. as predecessor ?
Name the movie whose producer is Michael Deeley and music is given by Vangelis ?
People born in Saint-Amand-en-Puisaye are famous for what things ?
Radios on what topics can be tuned in to in Washington DC?
List the goverener of Winston Bryant?
Name the movie whose director is Stanley Kubrick and editor is Anthony Harvey?
Name the musician who was given label by Celluloid Records and has been associated with Africa'70 ?
What is the country where Sergei Ovchinnikov the volleyball player die, and Gumus was first aired ?
List all the movies whose directors were born in Kenosha, Wisconsin?
List down the TV shows whose producer is Stephen E. Ambros and writer is John Orloff ?
Does Walson Augustin play for the Brothers Union?
What are the prizes won by the animator of The Skeleton Dance ?
List the Swedish newspaper headquarted in Stockholm ?
Which educational institutes have campuses at Iowa and Indiana ?
What mascot of the Galatasaray Handball Team is also the team name of Cristo Rey Jesuit high School ?
List down the associated musical artist of the writer of Rain Is a Good Thing ?
Which countries led by Elizabeth II?
Who is the developer of Dart (programming language) ?
How many different writers have written for Jump Square?
Which official residence of hugh Scott is also the origin of Long Rifle ?
What is the base currency of the Benelux which can be used in Republic of Montenegro?
How many politicians reside in Cape Town?
Who wrote the mangas produced by Masahike Minami?
Who is the political figure whose military branch is Colonial troops?
How many architects are there who have made something used by Oakland athletics?
Who has canonized someone who's a doctor of the church?
Give me all magazines whose founder died in Berkeley, California?
Give me a count of musical artists collaborating with Waylon Jennings?
Cologny and Lancy are the neighboring municipalities of which place ?
Who are the spouse of the actors of Wrongfully Accused?
What municipalities are adjacent to Chne-Bougeries?
Which scientist is known for writing Philosophi Naturalis Principia Mathematica?
What is the profession of the William Luther Hill and also the office of the Richard Coke ?
Which river's source mountain is Baikal Mountains and is located in Laptev Sea ?
What are some musical artists associated with the ones signed up with EMI?
Los Angeles Lakers is the team of which basketball players?
To which state eorge M. Chilcott belong ?
Ricky Gervais is the executive producer of the series having how many fictional characters?
Give me the list of people who scaled mountains in Sierra Nevada?
Who studied in universities located in suburbs?
Name the river with Readin, Brekshire in its path and mouth place is Sothend-on-sea ?
What award has been awarded to both Dion Beebe and Charles LeMaire?
What religion did the president follow which was served by Kang Young-hoon?
Which is the common prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin and Robin kovacs ?
Name the person whose child is Irne Joliot-Curie?
Which TV show's company is PlayTone and is produced by Stephen E. Ambrose ?
Count the different genres of games published by Titus Software
What religions are followed by members of the societies whose architectural influences can be seen on the Sanggar Agung ?
Who is the predecessor of Voere ?
Which stockholder of yale Repertory Theatre was training center of William Anthony ?
Who won the Lovelace Medal and the Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Where is the school which is the rival of Somerset Berkley Regional High?
Which TV show's setting is in Massachusetts and is the subsequent work of Fraiser ?
Who were the american football players who played for Dallas Cowboys?
What is the national origin of Dornier Aerodyne and Hirth Acrostar ?;
Who is the writer of He's a Pirate ?
Name the company whose key person is Raymond Conner and produces Boeing CH-47 Chinook?
How many famous people are from the Filipinos?
Count the number of artists in the Cirque du Soleil discography?
In which countries is coconut used as a food ingredient?
Who is considered to be the deciding person when it comes to crustaceans from the Balanidae family?
Where did anton ausserer die?
What is the river whose source is Lake Ontario?
Which rivers have source origins asnorth western, Zambia ?
Name the subsidary of Tandem Computers which was founded by Jim Harris ?
How many races has Best Mate won?
Who is related to Kelly Osbourne & Ozzy Osbourne?
What has location as Ontario?
Where was William Anthony trained ?
What are some famous companies founded in the US?
City of Miami Cemetery is the governing body of which city?
What are some things people born in Louisiana are famous for?
Is Neungin High school a buddhist school?
What is the name of the television show whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski and actor is Jason Carter (actor)?
How many people have played for the ones who own the stadium of Bankers Life Fieldhouse?
How many artists have their works in the Sao Paolo Museum of Art?
Count the battles fought by Raoul Magrin-Vernerey?
Name the university whose athletic department is called National Collegiate Athletic Association and has a chancellor named Nicholas S. Zeppos?
Who are the people whose phD advisor was Harry Harlow?
What is the military branch of the William French Smith which is also the branch of Pierre R. Graham ?
Is Pulau Ubin the largest city of Singapore?
Which sitcoms are made by a company headquartered in NYC?
Which mountains are contained in Inyo National Forest?
In how many places have people canonized by John Paul II died?
Which river starts from the county seat of Heathsville, Virginia?
Where were sverre krogh sundbo and havard vad petersson born?
where is the thorington train station located?
Which arena of WPC Dynamo Moscow is the death palce of Mikhail Voronin ?
How many theme musics have been composed by Julian Gingell?
Name the company founded in US and created Visual Studio ?
What are the musicals whose musicians worked under Sony Music Entertainment?
What is the place of the Geography Club (play) which is also the official residence of the Scott Berkun?
What are the albums whose artists have performed with the Tangerine Dream?
Which house has published books about Jazz?
List the award which have been won by both Charles LeMaire and Nick Park ?
Count the number of members of the organization which have Austria as one of the member ?
Name some relatives of the people studied in Manurewa High School?
Gregg Toland cinematographed how many things?
Whose military unit is 39th infantry regiment in 1812?
Is Darcs released with a GNU license?
List the current members of Metro Station (band) ?
Which sucessor of George Madison is the sucessor of levi Lincoln, Sr. ?
Who is the builder of Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate ?
What team is famous for Robert Nederlander and also the debuting team of Gary Sanchez?
What is the award which is presented by Swedish Academy?
What is the common profession of DeWitt Clinton and Claiborne Pell ?
Which politicians died in cities built by the Roman emperor Charles 5?
List the ingredients of Kaszanka?
Which broad cast area od CFRX is the country of North America Poker Tour ?
Which scientist was advised by John Robert Woodyard?
What religion did Gamini Seneviratne follow?
How many bacterias have taxonomy as Bacillales and domain as Bacteria?
Were the bodies involved in the Westroads mall shootings discovered in Nebraska?
In how many places are Marjas found?
What products do US companies make?
Which animator of The Skeleton Dance is also the animator of the Tommy Tucker's Tooth ?
What is the common religious affiliation of the Wickramabahu Central College (National School) and that of Vesak?
Name the mountain range in which the mountain peak of Malatraix belongs?
List education institute of the engineers whose alma mater is ChristChurch ?
What is the headquarters of the public transit system which is the system of Bottineau LRT ?
What is the place of birth of the jockey who breeded De La Rose ?
How many people are in the England national football team?
Who is venerated in Judaism and Islam?
What are some shows whose voice actors play the piano?
Where is the building located whose architect was Francis Palmer Smith?
Which child of Jack Ferguson became a Prime Minister?
Naval station mobile and naval support activity, naples are under which branch of Us military?
How many members are there of the order of Bacillales?
Name the team manger of Middlebrough F.C season 2006-07 ?
In which fields are the graduates of Worcester College, Oxford working?
What sports can be played in institutions in Bataan?
Who was in missions of Gemini 8 and Apollo 11?
Who founded the league which was won by Joe McKeehen?
Give me some nominees of politicians in the US?
To what did the parliament member swore her oath to, whose has sons is Lohan Ratwatte?
In which races have Tillingdale's horses participated?
Which country's national motto is "Truth prevails"?
What is the alma mater of Andrew W. Lewis ?
Name the tv series produced by Stephen Ambrose and Erik Bork?
Which movies did Mark Steven edit?
Where do the railroads owned by the Chicago and Northwestern Transportation company begin?
What is the prize received by the one who wrote the screen play of The Postman ?
Give me a list of all the buildings which are located in districts governed by John Tory.
Count the total number of bacterias whose division is Firmicutes and domain is Bacteria?
Where can one find the Dzogchen Ponolop Rinpoche?
What is the mascot of the alma mater of Deborah Crombie?
Did Bob Suci play for the New England Patriots?
What would be the most important creation which involved both Neil Cross and Russel Davies ?
Where do beauty queens with brown hair reside?
Which TV show produced by Paramount Television and is located in Massachusetts ?
Name the mountain which belongs to Sierra Nevada range and is located in Inyo National Forest?
What is the company that has products with Windows RT as its OS?
How many labels sign up progressive rock artists?
Does the AMC Gremlin use an Audi engine?
What is the resting place of the child of Linda Lee Cadwell?
What is the religion of the relatives of Carmela Soprano ?
What television shows's distributor is Eurovision?
Did Stan Lee create Jean Grey?
Which indian party has won the arunachal pradesh elections of 2014, and has been in the 4th legislative assembly?
Name the architect of Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay ?
What is the party of the politicians whose children is Sanjay Gandhi ?
Who is the owner of the FC which owns the Cobham Training Centre?
What are the other launch site of the rockets which also have been launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 5 ?
What is the nationality of the David King-Wood and John Steed ?
Name the river whose source is located in Ikelenge District and mouth in Mozambique?
Which country's leader is Giuseppe Bertello?
Who is the founder of the trade union with whom Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America is affiliated?
What are some people working for the New York Post?
Which gaming console's central processing unit is microprocessor and built by Sony?
From where did the son of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla graduate?
What is the total number of software whose programming language is C++ and operating system is Microsoft Windows?
In which races did Mouse Morris take part?
How many things have made different people living in Canada famous?
Which famous political figures are relatives to George Madison?
Which TV show's composer is Judy Hart Angelo and executive producer as Glen and Les Charles?
What is the meaning of Heydar ?
Name the fictional character whose species is American Pekin duck and has relatives named Ludwig Von Drake?
who are starring in the movies written by Mark Sandrich ?
What is the religion of the governors whose office is the Bank of Thailand?
Name all the junctions of U.S. Route 59?
Count the number of fields of the scientists whose one of the fields is Sanskrit?
In which city is the sister station of KTXY located ?
Is Maria Sharapova the silver medalist of Tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics Women's singles?
What is the layout of the cars similar to that of the Subaru Outback?
Where do the rivers starting from Zambia end?
Name the hubs of the airlines whose headquarters is in the Subang Interchange?
How many people work in the Massachusetts house of Representatives?
What is Naval Support Activity Naples a part of?
List the services provided by the company which provides Microsoft azure as one of the service ?
Who was member of boards at Royal Society and Trinity House?
What is the debut team of the baseball player who was born in Williamsburg, Kansas ?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station is the home port of INS Viraat ?
How many religions are followed by organizations which are internationally known as the muslim brotherhood?
Name the route start of Saint Petersburg Moscow Railway ?
Which series was written by Eric Jendresen and John Orloff?
Count the number of musical work which were sold by Sony Music?
Which county seats are in the district where I can find the Hylebos Creek?
Who was succeeded by Arthur Gegei as the office ho0lder ?
What other awards have been given to Goya Award Winners?
Which river inflow of the Cahora Bassa is also Batoka Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station's river ?
Does the mississippi orignate in the clearwater county, minnesota?
Who owns the tunnels operated by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation?
In how many districts is there a borough called tendring?
Name the company with product lines like Visual studio and Surface ?
How many awards have been given to the founder of Grameen Bank?
Who is the appointer of Earl B. Ruth ?
Which partner of the Tim Mathieson is also the primeminister of the Mike Kelly (Australian politician) ?
Which river does Katima Mulilo Bridge cross?
Which city is Black Grape Global located ?
To which company is the service "Nintendo eShop" associated with?
Name the city of Phil-Ellena ?
Who preceded Lucius Crus as an office holder?
To which nation did David Animle Hanses owe his allegiance?
Count the tenants of MasterCard Centre?
Name the key people of the non-profit organisations whose one of the key person is Lesley-Anne knight ?
What show had NTSC format and theme music composed by Ron Grainer?
Who was once married to both Kelly Brook and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley?
Which company has developed games whose music is done by Gerard Marino?
Which board memeber of jimmy Wales also owns Latvian Wikipedia ?
What would be a common border of Siberia and the shimsa plateau?
List the institute of Robert hall ?
Name the ones who debuted in the San Francisco 49ers.
What are some shows by Comedy Central?
What is the county of the road whose route end is Pahang ?
What are some magazines whose publishers are themselves Rock and Roll Hall of Fame members?
In which states can I find Truss bridges?
Does Richard Marx play guitar?
Which sea is surrounded by Rostock and Kaliningrad?
Which university is led by Jay Gogue?
What is the river one of whose left tributary's native name is Arabic?
Name the office holder whose spouse is Dolley Madison and belongs to Militia branch ?
List sports managers who managed Middlesbrough F.C. and England national under-21 football team?
Whose commanders are John Mc Ewen and Park Chunghee?
What is the origin of the grape whose wine region is the Troodos Mountains ?
Where is the headquarter of Regional Transit Authority of Southeast Michigan ?
Who is the appointer of Charles Goodell ?
Which high school of jerry Tagge is also the nearest city of Tennie laura ?
Name the common serving line of Daund Junction railway station and Ujjain Junction railway station?
In which cities were the chess grand masters born?
Who owns the airport in Paphos?
What is the common branch of military of Edward Joseph Schwartz and John Tower ?
What nation is the motherland of Ricardo Alfonso Cerna where Apostolic Vicariate of El Petn is located?
Which border country of the Korean Peninsula is also the country of Krusty, a musical group ?
List the destinations of Novair International Airways ?
List the guests of On Broadway ?
What does the river end on whose border we find in Bjelasnica?
What is the home town of the musical artist who is the current members of Slapstick?
Is Christchurch the largest city of South Island?
Which newspapers are owned by Oslo citizens?
Which hockey teams have had people playing as Defenceman?
What are the products of the company who published Robot Wars: Metal Mayhem ?
Name books with publisher as Francisco de Robles and writer as Miguel de Cervantes ?
What is the political party to which Purnima Banerjee is a member of??
What monument was unveiled in 1984 of fine arts of the Soviet Union ?
Which universities are also known as the Tulane Green wave?
In how many places are the tombs of everyone who died in England?
In all the states which have a Uniontown, where does a Keller's mill covered bridge exist too?
Count the religions followed by people living in British Columbia.
The sports team which played at the American Basketball League championship (1996-1998), have which stadiums?
What is the order of the Omar D. Conger where Robert Sarvis was also the nominee ?
Who wrote the musical whose composer is Emil Dean Zoghby?
Where did the conflict take place where Louis Briere de I'Isle was a commander?
How many publisher have been founded by american citizens?
what has been developed by John Fanning?
Who was the chairman of Fort Lauderdale Strikers and also 2015 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
What are the houses of the legislature where the leader is called Pullaiahgaripalli ?
List some writers which speak one of the Germanic languages.
In which city can I find both the office of Elasticsearch and the Yellow Claw DJ?
Give me all magazines whose editors live in Chicago?
Which religions are followed by people in England?
Which televison shows have location as Massachusetts ?
Which governor of Charles Willing had a child named John Scott ?
Give me some series whose network's owning company is Warner Bros. Television?
What is the province of Egypt Nanotechnology Center ?
What is manufactured by a company founded by Akio Morita?
is blue lagoon island a part of the bahamas achipelago?
Where did Rheinmetall MG 60 originated ?
What is the war in which both K Fordice and P Fitzwallace fight?
Is The Orator in the National Archaeological Museum of Florence?
Who are currently playing for Barcelona FC?
List all the notable work of the screen writer who produced Frasier ?
Was Just Another day made by Queen Latifah?
Who are the players whose current clubs have Ferran Soriano as chairman?
Name the river mouth of Moordener Kill ?
Of the places where Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library exists, where did Louis LeCocq die?
In which series has Sean Young portrayed someone?
The people who did their high school in Palm City, Florida did their college where?
What type of engines are utilised by Purvis Eureka?
Is Egyptian Arabic belong to the Central Semitic Languages family?
Which company developed Google Web Toolkit and Google custom search?
Name the fictional character whose relatives are Huey, Dewey, and Louie and belongs to Duck family ?
What is the total number of other characters of the plays whose characters is Robin (comics)?
From where did Ben Wilson (American football) do his highscool?
Which sports are played in the school which runs the Fr. Agnel Stadium?
Name the route end of the North-South Transport Corridor and Mumbai Vadodara Expressway?
Where did isabelle caro and judson huss both die?
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade and Composer is Stewart Copeland?
Katharevousa writers have been given which awards?
Count the number of artists who trained at the San Francisco Art Institute?
What are the movies whose director is Orson Welles?
Which scientist is known for anthrax and has Karl Ewald Hasse as his academic advisor ?
How many mountain are there in Sierra Nevada range?
To how many different species does the members of the Animal Kingdom belong?
List the subjects of the books whose one of the topics is Pau Broca ?
What are some mammals whose phylum is Chordate?
What is manufactured by Asus and Sony togather?
Who is the Artist of the singles whose film genre is Country music ?
Which company owns instagram?
Who did Daniel Gibson marry?
Where were the sportsmen born, who started their careers with Homestead Grays?
Who studied at Harvard-Westlake School and has Henry E. Catto, Jr. as predecessor ?
In which countries can i find some feminist writers?
Which famous philosopher died on island Euboea?
Is Tamera Mowry the former band member of Voices?
How many movies are distributed by Cinema International Corporation?
Who was the president under which a tennis player held office before John W. Weeks?
List the birth city of the politicians of Democratic Party.
Which American football player is a former team player of Indianapolis Colts and current team is Michigan Wolverines?
Which river's source country is Zambia and mouth country is Mozambique?
Which person works at the American Magazine?
Name the regions served by Toll Global Express ?
Who are the tenants of the stadium where the UFC 140 is located?
How many mountain ranges are located in the Canton of Fribourg?
Which religion followers are in the Royal Thai Army?
In which teams did anyone who played as a defencemen, play previously?
Did James brown make the song Killing is Out, School Is In?
Is PIAS Recordings the distributing label of Wichita Recordings?
What party are Siddharta Shankar Ray and Kamla Beniwal from?
Count all american football players whose former team owns Lucas Oil Stadium ?
How many cities are around the sea which flows into the Atlantic?
How many apes are there?
What is the occupation of the Irving Chernev and Karen Grigorian?
How many cities are close to Lake Victoria?
Name the ssignificant buildings of Ivan Fomin ?
Did Tupac write the lyrics of Holler If Ya Hear Me?
Where did the war take place where one of the commander was Zuo Zongtang?
Which largest city of Salsette Island is also the largest city of India ?
Which route start of Moscow-Kazan high-speed railway is the home stadium of 2011-12 FC Spartak Moscow ?
What is the name of the homeground of football team Panionios G.S.S.?
Who was the PM under which William Deane served?
How many teams was Garry Unger in, previously?
What killed John Thompson Mason and Martino Martini?
How many different currencies are used in the places governed by the president of France?
Is Mona Lisa in the Louvre museum?
How many people play for the Dallas Cowboys?
List the judge of the TV show whose one of the judge is Ludacris ?
Where did the people die who were known for Young Life?
List the primary subjects of A Christian Turn'd Turk?
Which awards did the writer of Persona win ?
Give me a count of movies whose editor is Mark Stevens?
Who are the judges of the television show whose anchor is Josh Groban?
Give me the total number of television shows whose theme music composer is Julian Gingell and created by Simon Fuller?
List the area of radio stations whose sister station is WBCQ-FM?
What ethnicity do people in British Columbia belong to?
Is Latin the official language of Sovereign Military Order of Malta?
List the outflow of Lake Uniamsi?
Which awards did the creator of A Barrel of Laughs, a Vale of Tears won ?
What is father's name who also served in military of Carlene Carter?
In which university did Harlan Mathews study, where Richard Meriil Atkinson went too?
How many people have trained the wrestlers who were billed in Wisconsin?
List the major shrines of Jovan Vladimir?
Which shows are from a company whose subsidiary is Viacom Productions?
Did Chant Mas originate in West Africa?
What are on the borders of Shimsa Plateau?
Who edited British Gazette ?
Which spanish novel was published by Francisco de Robles?
Which current player of Chicago Bulls was drafted by Los Angeles Clippers ?
Count the total number of hometown of the gymnasts whose one of the hometown in Russia ?
What is the resting place of the children of Bruce Lee ?
What are the television shows whose company's predecessor is Desilu Productions?
tell me the school to which Cyril Hume went?
Who has built the stadiums which were rented by the Central american games of 2013?
Estimate the number of sports divisions at the universities under international association of universities.
List the prospect team of Robin Kovacs ?
What is sovereignity of the successor of Mr. George Robert Andrews ?
Is Labor relations the main interest of Karl Marx?
Which show developed by Brain Graden has theme music composed by Primus ?
What mammals are classified into Diprotodontia ?
Who all have succeeded the kings buried in Rome?
Name a office holder whose predecessor is Edward Douglass White and has son named Charles Phelps Taft II?
Where did the designer of Monument to Salavat Yulaev die?
What is the club of Perianne Jones ?
Where is the constituency of John Smith Griffin ?
List the books by the authors buried in the Convent of the Barefoot Trinitarians?
Which companies have launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Air base?
Is Stephanie Rice the flagbearer of Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Spanish harlem incident and girl from the north country were originally composed by whom?
Who is the founder of Oprah Winfrey Network (U.S. TV channel) ?
How many scientist have won an award by the society led by Venkatraman Ramakrishnan?
Which place of Geography Club is the location of Seattle Great Wheel ?
Which television show is based in Massachusetts and has opening theme as "Where Everybody Knows Your Name" ?
What is the career of George Arceneaux, Jr. ?
Name the prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin ?
Who are the maintainers of the bridges which cross the pandaruan river?
Who all held a position when Gough Whitlam was the prime minister?
Which veterans served at CBS?
For which team do Guido Guerrini and Massimo Liverani currently play for?
Which games publishers are located in California?
How many other battles have the military person fought whose one of the battles is World War II ?
Who is the distributor of Rev (drink) ?
Who is the scientist whose doctoral student is Erich Bagge?
How many bands are signed up with labels which were founded in Japan?
Name the nationalteam of Trn Vit Hng ?
What is the allegiance of Albert Kwesi Ocran ?
What is the owning company of the bank whose parent is Sony Financial ?
Who appointed William L. Dayton ?
What is the fictional character whose voice over is done by the animator of Dick Lundy ?
Name the Artist of Madagascar: Operation Penguin ?
Count the tenants of the stadiums owned by toronto.
Name the company with product named Microsft Azure and provides OneDrive as a service ?
list all the chairman of Vancouver Whitecaps FC?
Which famous commander led the Siege of forn meigs and was involved in the battle of fort stephenson?
Who is the label of The Producers (2005 film) ?
What is the movie whose producer is Michael Deeley and directed by Ridley Scott?
What is the state whose largest city is Denver?
Give me some TV stations whose network's main language is American English?
Where did the partner of Teriitaria II die?
Which work institue of andrew Schally belongs to WTUL ?
Who is the licensee of EXXV-TV ?
Through which states do the rivers flow which join in the republican river from the left?
In which language is All I need is Your Sweet lovin written ?
Under which common jurisdiction do Trinity School, Brentwood and Buckhurst Hill County High School fall?
Who founded a company which served Mid Wales ?
How many television shows have Fox Broadcasting Company as their channel?
How many things are written in C++?
How many artists play as Rickenbacker?
Who were the opponents of employees of Henry Howard, the Northampton Earl?
List the mammals whose taxonomy is Diprotodontia and phylum is Chordate?
List the junctions which lie on U.S. Route 59 in Texas and U.S. Route 59 ?
Name the river whose source region is North-Western Province, Zambia and source location is Ikelenge District?
Who are some basketball players who played for Phoenix Suns?
Which collaborator of Nice and Smooth wrote Same Song ?
Who is the child of John Tyler, Sr.?
What is the country with native language as Languages of Ethiopia?
The successor of Ulrich II, Count of East Frisia was born in what place?
What company is the distributor of Bombay Sapphire?
How many awards have been given to screenwriters?
Name the part of Liverpool city region >
Which artists trained in San Francisco Art Institute?
To which county of New York city does the Tremount Avenue street belong?
What is the launch site of the Juno I which was also the ground of 2016 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
What is the place of birth of the Michael Marder which is also the place of death of the Tigran Petrosian
Where is the tomb of son of Bruce Lee?
What are the mascots of the teams participating in the Turkish Handball Super League?
Give me a count of schools in Reading, Berkshire?
What team did Dan Daoust and Don Ashby play for?
Was the USS Tillamook built in Seattle?
Which university has a sports team member called Micheal Powell and also owns Syracuse University Press ?
Which automobile platform provider of Chiva bus is also the parent company of the Ford Falcon Cobra ?
Whihc successor of McDonnell Douglas was built bu Delta 3 ?
List all the children of Barbara Bush?
who is the husband of Rosie Huntington Whiteley?
What is the religious affiliation of the Neungin High School which is also the academic interest of Sylvain Lvi ?
Which European sea has Oulu as one of the shore city ?
What is the official name of Arkansas wine ?
What are the houses of legislature in the political leader's seat of Medininagar?
What is the alma mater of Julian Leow Beng Kim?
What discipline was The Chess Monthly about ?
In which province was Dick Redding born?
Which prospect team of Robin Kovacs is the draft team of Bob MacMillan ?
How many universities are in the National Collegiate Athletic Association?
What are some cars related to the ones with a V8?
Where is the person from whose military rank is Airman first class?
List the total number of board members who share board with Creative commons ?
Is Fluidinfo written in PostgreSQL language?
Who currently operates the railway lines one of whose stockholder is Chicago, St Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha railway?
In how many different people are alumini of the University of Oxford working?
Which district of Fort Heath radar station is also the state of Joesph Story ?
Who were the head of government agencies working in the German occupied Europe?
How many ingedients are required to make the Ragout Fin?
Is Serbian Titieca a doctoral student of Werner Heisenberghttp://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg
What show has judge as Randy Jackson sculptors as Simon Fuller?
What are the software which uses platforms as ARM architecture?
Where are the cooper mountain vineyards and Mt. bachelor ski area located?
Which developer of the Spider-Man: Edge of Time is the successor of PlayStation 2 ?
From which countries are the people from who are an academic authority of the Western pygmy blue species?
Is Henry Knox a commander of Continental Artillery Regiment?
Name the fictional character painted by Josh Friedman and portrayed in Terminator Genisys ?
What is the total number of religions that politicians have followed?
What are the video games composed by Hirokazu Tanaka?
Brian Moriarty designed video games written by whom?
Which workplace of the Michael M. Sears is also the governing body of the Burro Flats Painted Cave?
For how many different presidents have people in the Continental Army served?
What is the religion of the president who won the Mongolian legislative election, 2004 ?
Who is the executive producer of Into the Dalek ?
Was Citizen Kane cinematographed by Gregg Toland?
What is the prize awarded to Bruce Beutler ?
Which leader of Trump Entertainment Resorts is a relative of Maryanne Barry?
From which party is the politician who was selected in Barasat constituency?
Which writer of Alan Freeman Days is also the writer of Come On over ?
What is the religion of character of Janice Soprano from The Soprano television show?
Was John muir one of the first to ascend a mountain on Mt hoffmann?
Which coach of England national under 21 footbal team is also the coach of Aston Villa F.C season ?
Name some comic characters created by Bruce Timm?
Does AMC Gremlin have the Volkswagen engine?
Which appliance has cpu from Freescale Semiconductor and Marvell Technology Group?
Who all have appointed governess born in Magnolia Plantation gardens?
In how many countries are people born who play cricket?
Is Judy Garland a character of End of the Rainbow?
Who has authored books published by the Perkins school for the Blind?
Which constructor's team won the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix ?
Give me the name of the organization hqed at Chaeng Watthana Govt Complex?
Which footballers did their high school in west Sacramento california?
What is the state of origin of the president whose alma mater is Hellenic Naval Academy ?
Which company created BASIC and Language Integrated Query ?
Who has recorded their singles in London?
Among which basket ball team having arena as The Palace of Auburn hills has president as Stan Van Gundy ?
What awards have been given to the writers of Wallace and Gromit?
How many companies have built concrete bridges?
What is the alma mater of Alvin Bell and Charles Plosser?
How many producers have casted Michael Jackson?
Who all have created new kinds of cookies?
What awards were given to the screenplayer of The Motorcycle Diaries?
Name the fictional character who was in Terminator and portrayer is Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
Whose mayors are affiliated with Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams?
Where was Juno I launched from ?
What company is the one which wrote the google web toolkit and PlayN?
How many TV shows have executive producer as Steven Moffat ?
BBC Two is the sister channel of networks having which shows?
Who fought in the battle at Tupelo Mississippi?
What were the awards won by the founder of Walt Disney Records ?
Which river goes through cohoes, NY
Is the Columbia University chaired by William Campbell?
What is the purpose of some Maharashtran organizations?
which movies have been published by Cinema International Corporation?
Where the children of Ashot Grashi employed at?
Who is renowned for Ae Fond Kiss and poem of Halloween ?
In what wars was Steve Buyer involved?
Which science fiction show has Steven Moffat as executive producer ?
Was Michael Schumacher the Pole driver of 1994 Spanish Grand Prix?
What is the style of architecture of Shaheed Minar, Kolkata ?
What cars were built upon the cars which were assembled in Canada?
Count the number of characters in Batman Live?
Is San Salvador Island a part of the Bahamas?
Which company's division is Audi India? Correct Question
Which NASA astronaut was on mission Gemini 8?
South Side elevated railroad and twin cities 400 are operated by which city?
Is Michelle D. Johnson the superintendent of United States Air Force Academy?
Which famous political figure appointed william cushing, and also founded Pittsburgh>
Did Stanlee write the Tales of Suspense?
Who is the head coach of the teams in Middlesbrough FC?
Which basketball players have played in the league of National Basketball Association?
What is the award won of the scientists known for Cubic Hermite spline?
How many companies were founded in places where Dallas is the governing body ?
What is the bloomington viaduct built to cross?
What awards were presented to the person who produced Paradise place?
Copley Medal has been awarded to which scientists?
What is the religion of the leader of South Korean legislative election of 1992 ?
to which university did both, the Stanford Cardinal and Gerald Reaven go?
Which american football team is owned by Mark davis and is located in O.co Colliseum ?
Which BBC's TV show is related with the Sarah Jane Adventures?
Who were the first drivers in the grand prix which took place at Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari?
How many cars succeed the cars assembled in Canada?
How many books are written by the author who is famous for Novelas Ejemplares?
What is the largest city of the country where P. Sathyanarayanan was born?
To which city does Northeast Library belong?
What beverages originate in Leuven?
List the people whose are in the board of an organization kickstarted in New York.
Which HBO's television series was produced by Erik Bork?
List the common sports between Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao
Which comic characters were created by Paul Dini?
What are the cities around the sea which flows into the Atlantic?
Which newspapers are owned by companies which are under Rolv Erik Ryssdal?
Which football managers managed Middlesbrough F.C.?
Who coached the Marquette golden eagles men team in 09 to 10 and then again in 13 to 14 ?
What developed EMMS?
Which city is the route start of the Moscow-Kazan high-speed railway and birth place of the Ilya Savelev ?
Count the number of sports played by university which also plays Taekwondo ?
Where did the narrators of the Championship snooker die?
Where is the lake located into which the Winnipeg River flows?
Which government agency is run by Supachai Somcharoen?
Which hockey team is head coached by Bill Peters?
Is Grand Bahama lie in the achipelago of the bahamas?
What is the genre of Battle Chess?
Which colonel has allegiance to Colony of Virginia ?
How many companies were started in the states?
How many bands are signed up with Kobalt Label Services?
where are the sister stations of CFRB broadcasted?
List the television shows one of whose distributor's divisions is Warner Bros. Animation.
Namt the fields of Paul Demiville ?
What is the sea connected to Kaliningrad and Gdask?
From how many countries did the aeroplanes designed by Alexander Lippisch originate?
Which district of Thorington railway station is the location of death of David Lewis (poet) ?
Who has manufactured vehicles designed originally by NASA?
How many people are famous for the Gibson Les Paul?
Who is the office holder for constituencies Castro District and Haight-Ashbury?
Count the number of movies whose editors were born in UK?
What subsequent work of Moondog Matinee has the composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare ?
In how many places did the Schutzstaffels die?
What faith do hang chuon naron and Kron Ngoy follow?
Name the people living in a place governed by William W Brien?
How many game series exist for iOS?
Who is the narrator of The Incredible Hulk , 1982 TV series ?
Name the stock holders of soccer club whose one of the stockholder is Carl Sanders ?
Who was the parent of person whose child is William C P breckinridge?
What is the location of the pope whose major shrine is St. Peter's Basilica ?
Which TV show's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and company is DreamWorks Television?
Where does the rivers ending in lake washington begin?
What is operated by FedExField ?
Who owns the company that made the Edsel Villager?
Where does the river flow into, which starts at the Sierra Madre de Chiapas?
How many other race are there of the adult (pornographic) actors whose ethnicity is Cherokee ?
Who is the producer of the single which was the subsequent work of He's a Liar?
What series is Mazes of Time from, and is produced by BBC multimedia?
WHo gave the lyrcis of Doonesbury ?
Whose shrine is in aachen cathedral?
Who are the parents of Charles Phelps Taft II and Robert A. Taft?
Giorgos Kaminis is the mayor of what?
Name the incumbent of Linda Jenness ?
Which assembly of the Plymouth Savoy is the route end of the NorthSouth Transport Corridor?
Name the band atleast one of whose members is famous for playing the Fender Stratocaster?
Give me a count of mammals which have their order as Primate?
What are the things whose leader was a monarch of Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands?
Who owns Chelsea F.C.?
During the reigns of which monarchs was the name to the Israelite kingdom as United Monarch?
Tell me the total number of organizations who maintain the bridges made by the malaysian PWD?
Which county seat of the King County, Washington and PLACE OF DEATH of the Phil Lumpkin ?
Name the river whose mouth place is Old Lyme, Connecticut?
list the software which works on both the OS - Microsoft Windows and Mac OS ?
Which person has opponent Ike Clanton?
List the affiliation of Indian general election, 2004 (Andhra Pradesh) ?
Which idelogy of the Palang Dharma Party is also the faith of Miao people ?
Which municipality of the Brown's Corners, toronto also place of birth of Krista Kelly ?
Where did the members of judge advocate general corps study?
Where are the shrines of the saints who were beatified by Pope Pius XI?
In how many different places are Brown haired models living?
Solon Spencer Beman has architected in how many cities?
What was a common first team at the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix and 1971 US one?
What is the location of Sam Sen Railway Station ?
In how many places have the companies started in Newcastle worked?
How many things are produced by companies located in Tehran?
In which areas is the radio station broadcasted which is a sister station of WXME ?
Who was the director of photography of Mickey's Mellerdrammer and the animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth?
Name the origins of the river with Quich Department as one of the origin ?
Who was in the missions of Apollo 11 and Gemini 8?
What is the location town of Seattle Great Wheel ?
Name the office holder whose alma mater is Harvard-Westlake School and resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park?
Which band had members who are now in The Bleeding Heart Band?
In which cities do some railways operated by Russian railways start?
Which producer of Wizards and the aliens is also the notable work of russell T Davies ?
Rivers which end in Arkansas go through which cities?
What is the religion of the academic authority on Ceratosoma tenue?
Which ethinicity of Riley Reid is the state of origin of Holmes Colbert?
Where was Girls (The Prodigy song) recorded ?
Name the party of Indira Gandhi ?
Who are the scientists known for the Manhattan Project?
What are the regions in which the distributor of Secrets and Lies serves ?
Who all have been a commander during the battles of Ohio?
Where did john o conner study?
Which is the common past team of the Charlie Justice (American football player) and Bobby Hoppe ?
Who owns the websites for which Jimmy wales writes?
Which city council owns the Ted Williams tunnel and Leonard Memorial ridge?
How many other school are there of the rugby players whose school is Michaelhouse ?
How many people have been the first one to scale a peak in the Yosemite Park?
Name the battle fought by the people which also fought in Levant ?
Who starred in Awakening and fifety five days at peknig ?
Whose relatives are Clan McDuck and Huey, Dewey, and Louie?
Which location country of Ennejma Ezzahra is also the origin of Boga ?
What is the PLACE OF DEATH of Charles Gordon (artist) ?
What actor of Le Cirque is a relative of Maryanne Trump barry?
How many buildings are located in Toronto ?
List the Stanley Kubrick's movies which has music by Laurie Johnson ?
Which office holder's constituency is Haight-Ashbury and has military unit as USS Kittiwake ?
Name the composer of motorpsycho Nitemare ?
Which TV show's writer is Erik Jendresen and distributor is HBO?
What are some relatives of Battle of the Bulge veterans?
Name the military conflict whose commander was Colin Powell and took place in israel ?
In which city did The Ultimate Fighter: Team Rousey vs. Team Tate take place ?
Who are all the people who used to figure skate with the current partner of Alexa Scimeca?
Which company was the designer of South African class 11e and RENFE class 333 ?
What is the scientist whose doctoral students are Erich Bagge and erban ieica?
Who astronaut from NASA was on the mission of Apollo 11?
How many have family as Ape and order (taxonomy) is Primate ?
Count the total awards won by the writer who has won Goethe Prize ?
Games on amiga are typically of what kind?
Whose resting place is William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial and has kids named John Scott Harrison?
Muhammad Yunus has won how many awards?
Through which states does the stream ending at Saunders county go?
Which religions' people fought in the Miao rebellion?
What are some languages in the italic family of languages?
What is the product of the BBC Multimedia and is the theme of Visions, the convention?
How many people hold important positions alongwith Donna Shalala?
Which currency can I use both in Kerguelen islands and French southern and antarctic lands?
Where do I find buildings rented by Weber Thompson?
Who is the father of Edith Vonnegut and is also a writer?
What is the burial place of Iyoas I ?
Who are the tenants of the stadium which is a venue of WCW Mayhem ?
List all the movies whose music has been made up with someone under RCA records?
Is Brazilian jiu-jitsu the trainer of Nick Diaz?
Who are the members of organizations headquartered at Amstelveen?
What is the total number of other combatant of the military conflicts whose combatant is Choctaw?
What movies have been produced by the production house owned by Larry J. Franco?
Name the show formed by J. Michael Stroczynski and had network as TNT ?
Count all those who previously played for a team which ownes Varsity Stadium ?
Is NY Rangers a prospective team for Robin Kovacs?
Which headcoach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team, 2008-09 was also the coach of Marquette Golden Eagles team ?